Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.
So many books, so little time.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
Friendship ... is born at the moment when one man says to another \"What! You too? I thought that no one but myself . . .
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Here's to the crazy ones. The misfits. The rebels. The troublemakers. The round pegs in the square holes. The ones who see things differently. They're not fond of rules. And they have no respect for the status quo. You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them. About the only thing you can't do is ignore them. Because they change things. They push the human race forward. And while some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius. Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
I believe that everything happens for a reason. People change so that you can learn to let go, things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're right, you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
Only once in your life, I truly believe, you find someone who can completely turn your world around. You tell them things that you’ve never shared with another soul and they absorb everything you say and actually want to hear more. You share hopes for the future, dreams that will never come true, goals that were never achieved and the many disappointments life has thrown at you. When something wonderful happens, you can’t wait to tell them about it, knowing they will share in your excitement. They are not embarrassed to cry with you when you are hurting or laugh with you when you make a fool of yourself. Never do they hurt your feelings or make you feel like you are not good enough, but rather they build you up and show you the things about yourself that make you special and even beautiful. There is never any pressure, jealousy or competition but only a quiet calmness when they are around. You can be yourself and not worry about what they will think of you because they love you for who you are. The things that seem insignificant to most people such as a note, song or walk become invaluable treasures kept safe in your heart to cherish forever. Memories of your childhood come back and are so clear and vivid it’s like being young again. Colours seem brighter and more brilliant. Laughter seems part of daily life where before it was infrequent or didn’t exist at all. A phone call or two during the day helps to get you through a long day’s work and always brings a smile to your face. In their presence, there’s no need for continuous conversation, but you find you’re quite content in just having them nearby. Things that never interested you before become fascinating because you know they are important to this person who is so special to you. You think of this person on every occasion and in everything you do. Simple things bring them to mind like a pale blue sky, gentle wind or even a storm cloud on the horizon. You open your heart knowing that there’s a chance it may be broken one day and in opening your heart, you experience a love and joy that you never dreamed possible. You find that being vulnerable is the only way to allow your heart to feel true pleasure that’s so real it scares you. You find strength in knowing you have a true friend and possibly a soul mate who will remain loyal to the end. Life seems completely different, exciting and worthwhile. Your only hope and security is in knowing that they are a part of your life.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
As he read, I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, and then all at once.
It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it.
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect).
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.
Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything.
The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
I love you without knowing how, or when, or from where. I love you simply, without problems or pride: I love you in this way because I do not know any other way of loving but this, in which there is no I or you, so intimate that your hand upon my chest is my hand, so intimate that when I fall asleep your eyes close.
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living.
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.
Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up.
Never put off till tomorrow what may be done day after tomorrow just as well.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go...
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
There is never a time or place for true love. It happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single flashing, throbbing moment.
This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies, said Jojen. The man who never reads lives only one.
I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by.
My thoughts are stars I cannot fathom into constellations.
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
Anyone who thinks sitting in church can make you a Christian must also think that sitting in a garage can make you a car.
If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you.
Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.
We read to know we're not alone.
We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.
You may not be her first, her last, or her only. She loved before she may love again. But if she loves you now, what else matters? She's not perfect—you aren't either, and the two of you may never be perfect together but if she can make you laugh, cause you to think twice, and admit to being human and making mistakes, hold onto her and give her the most you can. She may not be thinking about you every second of the day, but she will give you a part of her that she knows you can break—her heart. So don't hurt her, don't change her, don't analyze and don't expect more than she can give. Smile when she makes you happy, let her know when she makes you mad, and miss her when she's not there.
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and it may be necessary from time to time to give a stupid or misinformed beholder a black eye.
Sometimes, you read a book and it fills you with this weird evangelical zeal, and you become convinced that the shattered world will never be put back together unless and until all living humans read the book.
Never trust anyone who has not brought a book with them.
Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.
You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.
If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking.
I'm not afraid of death; I just don't want to be there when it happens.
It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all - in which case, you fail by default.
Whenever I feel the need to exercise, I lie down until it goes away.
If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairy tales. If you want them to be more intelligent, read them more fairy tales.
Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
I am nothing special, of this I am sure. I am a common man with common thoughts and I've led a common life. There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten, but I've loved another with all my heart and soul, and to me, this has always been enough..
Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere.
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.
You don't get to choose if you get hurt in this world...but you do have some say in who hurts you. I like my choices.
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Saying 'I notice you're a nerd' is like saying, 'Hey, I notice that you'd rather be intelligent than be stupid, that you'd rather be thoughtful than be vapid, that you believe that there are things that matter more than the arrest record of Lindsay Lohan. Why is that?' In fact, it seems to me that most contemporary insults are pretty lame. Even 'lame' is kind of lame. Saying 'You're lame' is like saying 'You walk with a limp.' Yeah, whatever, so does 50 Cent, and he's done all right for himself.
Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.
Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be.
Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
The difference between genius and stupidity is: genius has its limits.
I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.
I would venture to guess that Anon, who wrote so many poems without signing them, was often a woman.
If you can make a woman laugh, you can make her do anything.
There is no friend as loyal as a book.
You don't love someone because they're perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they're not.
We’re all a little weird. And life is a little weird. And when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutually satisfying weirdness—and call it love—true love.
Some infinities are bigger than other infinities.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
So, this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.
Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings.
He's like a drug for you, Bella.
The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space.
There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature.
A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left.
Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.
The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you...I could walk through my garden forever.
There is no pretending,\" Jace said with absolute clarity. \"I love you, and I will love you until I die, and if there is life after that, I'll love you then.
It is what you read when you don't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it.
Reality continues to ruin my life.
I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.
What really knocks me out is a book that, when you're all done reading it, you wish the author that wrote it was a terrific friend of yours and you could call him up on the phone whenever you felt like it. That doesn't happen much, though.
Things change. And friends leave. Life doesn't stop for anybody.
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.
Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company.
The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept.
You don’t forget the face of the person who was your last hope.
Not all those who wander are lost.
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.
When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.
To love at all is to be vulnerable. Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable.
Remember, we're madly in love, so it's all right to kiss me anytime you feel like it.
I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally.
Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and, above all those who live without love.
There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.
I've been making a list of the things they don't teach you at school. They don't teach you how to love somebody. They don't teach you how to be famous. They don't teach you how to be rich or how to be poor. They don't teach you how to walk away from someone you don't love any longer. They don't teach you how to know what's going on in someone else's mind. They don't teach you what to say to someone who's dying. They don't teach you anything worth knowing.
What a slut time is. She screws everybody.
If there's a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it.
The marks humans leave are too often scars.
One must always be careful of books,\" said Tessa, \"and what is inside them, for words have the power to change us.
Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could. Some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day. You shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate.
′Classic′ - a book which people praise and don't read.
Books are the ultimate Dumpees: put them down and they’ll wait for you forever; pay attention to them and they always love you back.
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
To die will be an awfully big adventure.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
There are infinite numbers between 0 and 1. There's .1 and .12 and .112 and an infinite collection of others. Of course, there is a bigger infinite set of numbers between 0 and 2, or between 0 and a million. Some infinities are bigger than other infinities. A writer we used to like taught us that. There are days, many of them, when I resent the size of my unbounded set. I want more numbers than I'm likely to get, and God, I want more numbers for Augustus Waters than he got. But, Gus, my love, I cannot tell you how thankful I am for our little infinity. I wouldn't trade it for the world. You gave me a forever within the numbered days, and I'm grateful.
And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.
We believe in ordinary acts of bravery, in the courage that drives one person to stand up for another.
So it's not gonna be easy. It's going to be really hard; we're gonna have to work at this everyday, but I want to do that because I want you. I want all of you, forever, everyday. You and me... everyday.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, 'Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous?' Actually, who are you not to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do. We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us. It's not just in some of us; it's in everyone. And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to.
A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.
And in that moment, I swear we were infinite.
You have to write the book that wants to be written. And if the book will be too difficult for grown-ups, then you write it for children.
But better to get hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie.
I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading! How much sooner one tires of any thing than of a book! -- When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library.
You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view... Until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it.
Be nice to nerds. You may end up working for them. We all could.
Remember, if the time should come when you have to make a choice between what is right and what is easy, remember what happened to a boy who was good, and kind, and brave, because he strayed across the path of Lord Voldemort. Remember Cedric Diggory.
Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again.
Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. And just when you think it can't get any better, it can.
It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.
The truth.\" Dumbledore sighed. \"It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution.
I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.
Never tell the truth to people who are not worthy of it.
Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust upon them.
... a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.
The books that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own shame.
I know God won't give me anything I can't handle. I just wish he didn't trust me so much.
It's so hard to forget pain, but it's even harder to remember sweetness. We have no scar to show for happiness. We learn so little from peace.
What you're supposed to do when you don't like a thing is change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it. Don't complain.
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
A person's a person, no matter how small.
I finally understood what true love meant...love meant that you care for another person's happiness more than your own, no matter how painful the choices you face might be.
When adults say, \"Teenagers think they are invincible\" with that sly, stupid smile on their faces, they don't know how right they are. We need never be hopeless, because we can never be irreparably broken. We think that we are invincible because we are. We cannot be born, and we cannot die. Like all energy, we can only change shapes and sizes and manifestations. They forget that when they get old. They get scared of losing and failing. But that part of us greater than the sum of our parts cannot begin and cannot end, and so it cannot fail.
Books are a uniquely portable magic.
Memories warm you up from the inside. But they also tear you apart.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
Oh, I wouldn't mind, Hazel Grace. It would be a privilege to have my heart broken by you.
Be careful about reading health books. Some fine day you'll die of a misprint.
He’s not perfect. You aren’t either, and the two of you will never be perfect. But if he can make you laugh at least once, causes you to think twice, and if he admits to being human and making mistakes, hold onto him and give him the most you can. He isn’t going to quote poetry, he’s not thinking about you every moment, but he will give you a part of him that he knows you could break. Don’t hurt him, don’t change him, and don’t expect for more than he can give. Don’t analyze. Smile when he makes you happy, yell when he makes you mad, and miss him when he’s not there. Love hard when there is love to be had. Because perfect guys don’t exist, but there’s always one guy that is perfect for you.
I can never read all the books I want; I can never be all the people I want and live all the lives I want. I can never train myself in all the skills I want. And why do I want? I want to live and feel all the shades, tones and variations of mental and physical experience possible in my life. And I am horribly limited.
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.
If you're gonna be two-faced at least make one of them pretty.
Have you ever noticed how ‘What the hell’ is always the right decision to make?
You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.
The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person.
When we honestly ask ourselves which person in our lives mean the most to us, we often find that it is those who, instead of giving advice, solutions, or cures, have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a warm and tender hand. The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing, not curing, not healing and face with us the reality of our powerlessness, that is a friend who cares.
Yes: I am a dreamer. For a dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.
An eye for an eye will only make the whole world blind.
So I walked back to my room and collapsed on the bottom bunk, thinking that if people were rain, I was drizzle and she was a hurricane.
Just because you have the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn't mean we all have.
I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.
I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light.
Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it.
Creativity is knowing how to hide your sources
Life is an awful, ugly place to not have a best friend.
Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.
I wish I could freeze this moment, right here, right now and live in it forever.
The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off.
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four people is suffering from a mental illness. Look at your 3 best friends. If they're ok, then it's you.
I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university.
Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors, and the most patient of teachers.
You can never be overdressed or overeducated.
Only the very weak-minded refuse to be influenced by literature and poetry.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
Being a woman is a terribly difficult trade since it consists principally of dealings with men.
It's the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter.
Fate is like a strange, unpopular restaurant filled with odd little waiters who bring you things you never asked for and don't always like.
A great book should leave you with many experiences, and slightly exhausted at the end. You live several lives while reading.
Well-behaved women seldom make history.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent
The world is not a wish-granting factory.
It's far better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone — so far.
Sometimes you have to be apart from people you love, but that doesn't make you love them any less. Sometimes you love them more.
Until I feared I would lose it, I never loved to read. One does not love breathing.
If you don't have time to read, you don't have the time (or the tools) to write. Simple as that.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
A children's story that can only be enjoyed by children is not a good children's story in the slightest.
If you don't know where you're going, any road'll take you there
Love is needing someone. Love is putting up with someone's bad qualities because they somehow complete you.
We're all human, aren't we? Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving.
Becoming fearless isn't the point. That's impossible. It's learning how to control your fear, and how to be free from it.
I am not pretty. I am not beautiful. I am as radiant as the sun.
You can love someone so much...But you can never love people as much as you can miss them.
If you were half as funny as you think you are, you'd be twice as funny as you really are.
I no longer believed in the idea of soul mates, or love at first sight. But I was beginning to believe that a very few times in your life, if you were lucky, you might meet someone who was exactly right for you. Not because he was perfect, or because you were, but because your combined flaws were arranged in a way that allowed two separate beings to hinge together.
Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life.
Do you hate people?
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
There's nothing like deep breaths after laughing that hard. Nothing in the world like a sore stomach for the right reasons.
All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring.
What is the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable?
And above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places. Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness. Armour yourself in it, and it will never be used to hurt you.
What a treacherous thing to believe that a person is more than a person.
Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres.
When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall. Think of it--always.
This life’s hard, but it’s harder if you’re stupid.
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.
Maybe our favorite quotations say more about us than about the stories and people we're quoting.
I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.
One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving.
If we find ourselves with a desire that nothing in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that we were made for another world.
It takes ten times as long to put yourself back together as it does to fall apart.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway.
I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer
Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood.
We love the things we love for what they are.
With great power... comes great need to take a nap. Wake me up later.
Let me tell you this: if you meet a loner, no matter what they tell you, it's not because they enjoy solitude. It's because they have tried to blend into the world before, and people continue to disappoint them.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
You're going to come across people in your life who will say all the right words at all the right times. But in the end, it's always their actions you should judge them by. It's actions, not words, that matter.
Wit beyond measure is man’s greatest treasure.
[...]the only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars and in the middle you see the blue centerlight pop and everybody goes “Awww!
Sometimes I can hear my bones straining under the weight of all the lives I'm not living.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.
I would die for you. But I won't live for you.
Peace begins with a smile..
In vain have I struggled. It will not do. My feelings will not be repressed. You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you.
Perhaps all the dragons in our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us act, just once, with beauty and courage. Perhaps everything that frightens us is, in its deepest essence, something helpless that wants our love.
You are, and always have been, my dream.
Imagining the future is a kind of nostalgia. (...) You spend your whole life stuck in the labyrinth, thinking about how you'll escape it one day, and how awesome it will be, and imagining that future keeps you going, but you never do it. You just use the future to escape the present.
You don't have to burn books to destroy a culture. Just get people to stop reading them.
Sometimes you wake up. Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly.
I am no bird; and no net ensnares me: I am a free human being with an independent will.
Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.
Death ends a life, not a relationship.
You are my best friend as well as my lover, and I do not know which side of you I enjoy the most. I treasure each side, just as I have treasured our life together.
Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.
Lock up your libraries if you like; but there is no gate, no lock, no bolt that you can set upon the freedom of my mind.
He can run faster than Severus Snape confronted with shampoo.
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure.
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.
May your coming year be filled with magic and dreams and good madness. I hope you read some fine books and kiss someone who thinks you're wonderful, and don't forget to make some art -- write or draw or build or sing or live as only you can. And I hope, somewhere in the next year, you surprise yourself.
Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
You cannot find peace by avoiding life.
Don't think or judge, just listen.
Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
The Christian does not think God will love us because we are good, but that God will make us good because He loves us.
Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live.
We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
So, I guess we are who we are for alot of reasons. And maybe we'll never know most of them. But even if we don't have the power to choose where we come from, we can still choose where we go from there. We can still do things. And we can try to feel okay about them.
The only thing worse than a boy who hates you: a boy that loves you.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
Grief does not change you, Hazel. It reveals you.
If ever there is tomorrow when we're not together... there is something you must always remember. You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. But the most important thing is, even if we're apart... I'll always be with you.
When it comes down to it, I let them think what they want. If they care enough to bother with what I do, then I'm already better than them.
Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.
So, I love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you.
I love you. I am who I am because of you. You are every reason, every hope, and every dream I've ever had, and no matter what happens to us in the future, everyday we are together is the greatest day of my life. I will always be yours.
And now I’m looking at you,” he said, “and you’re asking me if I still want you, as if I could stop loving you. As if I would want to give up the thing that makes me stronger than anything else ever has. I never dared give much of myself to anyone before – bits of myself to the Lightwoods, to Isabelle and Alec, but it took years to do it – but, Clary, since the first time I saw you, I have belonged to you completely. I still do. If you want me.
When you're in jail, a good friend will be trying to bail you out. A best friend will be in the cell next to you saying, 'Damn, that was fun'.
I like the night. Without the dark, we'd never see the stars.
Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation.
There's a fine line between genius and insanity. I have erased this line.
Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand.
Never memorize something that you can look up.
First they ignore you, then they ridicule you, then they fight you, and then you win.
You can't force love, I realized. It's there or it isn't. If it's not there, you've got to be able to admit it. If it is there, you've got to do whatever it takes to protect the ones you love.
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity.
In a good bookroom you feel in some mysterious way that you are absorbing the wisdom contained in all the books through your skin, without even opening them.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
Some humans would do anything to see if it was possible to do it. If you put a large switch in some cave somewhere, with a sign on it saying 'End-of-the-World Switch. PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH', the paint wouldn't even have time to dry.
Wicked people never have time for reading. It's one of the reasons for their wickedness.
Well, don't expect us to be too impressed. We just saw Finnick Odair in his underwear.
Where there is love there is life.
Chance is perhaps the pseudonym of God when he does not want to sign.
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art.... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival.
You know the world is going crazy when the best rapper is a white guy, the best golfer is a black guy, the tallest guy in the NBA is Chinese, the Swiss hold the America's Cup, France is accusing the U.S. of arrogance, Germany doesn't want to go to war, and the three most powerful men in America are named \"Bush\", \"Dick\", and \"Colin.\" Need I say more?
Never love anyone who treats you like you're ordinary.
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
For instance, on the planet Earth, man had always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much—the wheel, New York, wars and so on—whilst all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man—for precisely the same reasons.
Life will break you. Nobody can protect you from that, and living alone won't either, for solitude will also break you with its yearning. You have to love. You have to feel. It is the reason you are here on earth. You are here to risk your heart. You are here to be swallowed up. And when it happens that you are broken, or betrayed, or left, or hurt, or death brushes near, let yourself sit by an apple tree and listen to the apples falling all around you in heaps, wasting their sweetness. Tell yourself you tasted as many as you could.
I would always rather be happy than dignified.
Destroying things is much easier than making them.
A good friend will always stab you in the front.
When I look at my room, I see a girl who loves books.
I hope she'll be a fool -- that's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful little fool.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
I, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels my strength, who makes enormous demands on me, who does not doubt my courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naïve or innocent, who has the courage to treat me like a woman.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a harder battle.
Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold.
Once upon a time there was a boy who loved a girl, and her laughter was a question he wanted to spend his whole life answering.
You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts.
It means 'Shadowhunters: Looking Better in Black Than the Widows of our Enemies Since 1234'.
The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more, that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds. And that's what you've given me. That's what I'd hoped to give you forever
We fell in love, despite our differences, and once we did, something rare and beautiful was created. For me, love like that has only happened once, and that's why every minute we spent together has been seared in my memory. I'll never forget a single moment of it.
I've never fooled anyone. I've let people fool themselves. They didn't bother to find out who and what I was. Instead they would invent a character for me. I wouldn't argue with them. They were obviously loving somebody I wasn't.
A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it.
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.
Going to church doesn’t make you a Christian any more than going to a garage makes you an automobile.
There are two basic motivating forces: fear and love. When we are afraid, we pull back from life. When we are in love, we open to all that life has to offer with passion, excitement, and acceptance. We need to learn to love ourselves first, in all our glory and our imperfections. If we cannot love ourselves, we cannot fully open to our ability to love others or our potential to create. Evolution and all hopes for a better world rest in the fearlessness and open-hearted vision of people who embrace life.
We should all start to live before we get too old. Fear is stupid. So are regrets.
Some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams. If you're wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn't love you anymore.
I don't want to go to heaven. None of my friends are there.
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.
How lucky I am to have known somebody and something that saying goodbye to is so damned awful.
Substitute 'damn' every time you're inclined to write 'very;' your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be.
I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?
If the world were merely seductive, that would be easy. If it were merely challenging, that would be no problem. But I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.
It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything.
To love. To be loved. To never forget your own insignificance. To never get used to the unspeakable violence and the vulgar disparity of life around you. To seek joy in the saddest places. To pursue beauty to its lair. To never simplify what is complicated or complicate what is simple. To respect strength, never power. Above all, to watch. To try and understand. To never look away. And never, never to forget.
There will come a time when all of us are dead. All of us. There will come a time when there are no human beings remaining to remember that anyone ever existed or that our species ever did anything. There will be no one left to remember Aristotle or Cleopatra, let alone you. Everything that we did and built and wrote and thought and discovered will be forgotten and all of this will have been for naught. Maybe that time is coming soon and maybe it is millions of years away, but even if we survive the collapse of our sun, we will not survive forever. There was time before organisms experienced consciousness, and there will be time after. And if the inevitability of human oblivion worries you, I encourage you to ignore it. God knows that’s what everyone else does.
And I'm suppose to sit by while you date boys and fall in love with someone else, get married...?\" His voice tightened. \"And meanwhile, I'll die a little bit more every day, watching.
Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself.
It's really a wonder that I haven't dropped all my ideals, because they seem so absurd and impossible to carry out. Yet I keep them, because in spite of everything, I still believe that people are really good at heart.
May you live every day of your life.
Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.
I might be in love with you.\" He smiles a little. \"I'm waiting until I'm sure to tell you, though.
Get busy living or get busy dying.
All the world is made of faith, and trust, and pixie dust.
You educate a man; you educate a man. You educate a woman; you educate a generation.
There are no good girls gone wrong - just bad girls found out.
I wanted so badly to lie down next to her on the couch, to wrap my arms around her and sleep. Not fuck, like in those movies. Not even have sex. Just sleep together in the most innocent sense of the phrase. But I lacked the courage and she had a boyfriend and I was gawky and she was gorgeous and I was hopelessly boring and she was endlessly fascinating. So I walked back to my room and collapsed on the bottom bunk, thinking that if people were rain, I was drizzle and she was hurricane.
We write to taste life twice, in the moment and in retrospect.
We loved with a love that was more than love.
When someone shows you who they are believe them; the first time.
Some books should be tasted, some devoured, but only a few should be chewed and digested thoroughly.
I think you still love me, but we can’t escape the fact that I’m not enough for you. I knew this was going to happen. So I’m not blaming you for falling in love with another woman. I’m not angry, either. I should be, but I’m not. I just feel pain. A lot of pain. I thought I could imagine how much this would hurt, but I was wrong.
This is a good sign, having a broken heart. It means we have tried for something.
Some people care too much. I think it's called love.
Sleep is good, he said, and books are better.
It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane.
We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be.
Reading is one form of escape. Running for your life is another.
You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.
Here’s to books, the cheapest vacation you can buy.
The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.
I do not want people to be very agreeable, as it saves me the trouble of liking them a great deal.
I heard what you said. I’m not the silly romantic you think. I don’t want the heavens or the shooting stars. I don’t want gemstones or gold. I have those things already. I want…a steady hand. A kind soul. I want to fall asleep, and wake, knowing my heart is safe. I want to love, and be loved.
Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back. Those who wish to sing always find a song. At the touch of a lover, everyone becomes a poet.
The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves.
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
I have hated words and I have loved them, and I hope I have made them right.
Eating and reading are two pleasures that combine admirably.
Never laugh at live dragons.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination.
I believe in everything until it's disproved. So I believe in fairies, the myths, dragons. It all exists, even if it's in your mind. Who's to say that dreams and nightmares aren't as real as the here and now?
I hope that in this year to come, you make mistakes. Because if you are making mistakes...you're Doing Something.
A guy and a girl can be just friends, but at one point or another, they will fall for each other...Maybe temporarily, maybe at the wrong time, maybe too late, or maybe forever
It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more.
That's always seemed so ridiculous to me, that people want to be around someone because they're pretty. It's like picking your breakfeast cereals based on color instead of taste.
Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
You will always be fond of me. I represent to you all the sins you never had the courage to commit.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?
Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world.
I would challenge you to a battle of wits, but I see you are unarmed!
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music.
I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.
Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is.
Let us read, and let us dance; these two amusements will never do any harm to the world.
You get a little moody sometimes but I think that's because you like to read. People that like to read are always a little fucked up.
When I have a little money, I buy books; and if I have any left, I buy food and clothes.
The planet is fine. The people are fucked.
The more I know of the world, the more I am convinced that I shall never see a man whom I can really love. I require so much!
Books are the perfect entertainment: no commercials, no batteries, hours of enjoyment for each dollar spent. What I wonder is why everybody doesn't carry a book around for those inevitable dead spots in life.
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.
If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it?
Sarcasm is the last refuge of the imaginatively bankrupt.
I learned this, at least, by my experiment: that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.
Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.
For those who believe in God, most of the big questions are answered. But for those of us who can't readily accept the God formula, the big answers don't remain stone-written. We adjust to new conditions and discoveries. We are pliable. Love need not be a command nor faith a dictum. I am my own god. We are here to unlearn the teachings of the church, state, and our educational system. We are here to drink beer. We are here to kill war. We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us.
I have decided to stick to love...Hate is too great a burden to bear.
You can talk with someone for years, everyday, and still, it won't mean as much as what you can have when you sit in front of someone, not saying a word, yet you feel that person with your heart, you feel like you have known the person for forever.... connections are made with the heart, not the tongue.
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious.
She was a girl who knew how to be happy even when she was sad. And that’s important—you know
What's meant to be will always find a way
Books so special and rare and yours that advertising your affection feels like a betrayal.
If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign?
Eleanor was right. She never looked nice. She looked like art, and art wasn't supposed to look nice; it was supposed to make you feel something.
When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down ‘happy’. They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life.
Always do what you are afraid to do.
Faith is taking the first step even when you can't see the whole staircase.
Sometimes you climb out of bed in the morning and you think, I'm not going to make it, but you laugh inside — remembering all the times you've felt that way.
He's more myself than I am. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
I am not young enough to know everything.
Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
I am a man\" he told her, \"and men do not consume pink beverages. Get thee gone woman, and bring me something brown.
Make it a rule never to give a child a book you would not read yourself.
The boy never cried again, and he never forgot what he'd learned: that to love is to destroy, and that to be loved is to be the one destroyed.
There is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for.
One day I will find the right words, and they will be simple.
Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.
Once you learn to read, you will be forever free.
If you expect nothing from somebody you are never disappointed.
Whether you think you can, or you think you can't--you're right.
I think that if I ever have kids, and they are upset, I won't tell them that people are starving in China or anything like that because it wouldn't change the fact that they were upset. And even if somebody else has it much worse, that doesn't really change the fact that you have what you have.
Everyone, at some point in their lives, wakes up in the middle of the night with the feeling that they are all alone in the world, and that nobody loves them now and that nobody will ever love them, and that they will never have a decent night's sleep again and will spend their lives wandering blearily around a loveless landscape, hoping desperately that their circumstances will improve, but suspecting, in their heart of hearts, that they will remain unloved forever. The best thing to do in these circumstances is to wake somebody else up, so that they can feel this way, too.
No relationship is perfect, ever. There are always some ways you have to bend, to compromise, to give something up in order to gain something greater...The love we have for each other is bigger than these small differences. And that's the key. It's like a big pie chart, and the love in a relationship has to be the biggest piece. Love can make up for a lot.
Do not let your fire go out, spark by irreplaceable spark in the hopeless swamps of the not-quite, the not-yet, and the not-at-all. Do not let the hero in your soul perish in lonely frustration for the life you deserved and have never been able to reach. The world you desire can be won. It exists.. it is real.. it is possible.. it's yours.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
When his life was ruined, his family killed, his farm destroyed, Job knelt down on the ground and yelled up to the heavens, \"Why god? Why me?\" and the thundering voice of God answered, There's just something about you that pisses me off.
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
Above all, don't lie to yourself. The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to a point that he cannot distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others. And having no respect he ceases to love.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
I want to stand as close to the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all kinds of things you can't see from the center.
Two people in love, alone, isolated from the world, that's beautiful.
Love is always patient and kind. It is never jealous. Love is never boastful or conceited. It is never rude or selfish. It does not take offense and is not resentful. Love takes no pleasure in other people’s sins, but delights in the truth. It is always ready to excuse, to trust, to hope, and to endure whatever comes.
It is so hard to leave—until you leave. And then it is the easiest goddamned thing in the world.
They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.
Why did you do all this for me?' he asked. 'I don't deserve it. I've never done anything for you.' 'You have been my friend,' replied Charlotte. 'That in itself is a tremendous thing.
The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all.
Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.
Here's all you have to know about men and women: women are crazy, men are stupid. And the main reason women are crazy is that men are stupid.
There are two motives for reading a book; one, that you enjoy it; the other, that you can boast about it.
Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.
The heart was made to be broken.
Where is human nature so weak as in the bookstore?
You know, you could live a thousand lifetimes and not deserve him.
The best index to a person's character is how he treats people who can't do him any good, and how he treats people who can't fight back.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters.
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one’s definition of your life; define yourself.
I'm not saying that everything is survivable. Just that everything except the last thing is.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.
I cannot live without books.
I have a history of making decisions very quickly about men. I have always fallen in love fast and without measuring risks. I have a tendency not only to see the best in everyone, but to assume that everyone is emotionally capable of reaching his highest potential. I have fallen in love more times than I care to count with the highest potential of a man, rather than with the man himself, and I have hung on to the relationship for a long time (sometimes far too long) waiting for the man to ascend to his own greatness. Many times in romance I have been a victim of my own optimism.
I did not attend his funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it.
When you're struggling with something, look at all the people around you and realize that every single person you see is struggling with something, and to them, it's just as hard as what you're going through.
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
I've never been lonely. I've been in a room -- I've felt suicidal. I've been depressed. I've felt awful -- awful beyond all -- but I never felt that one other person could enter that room and cure what was bothering me...or that any number of people could enter that room. In other words, loneliness is something I've never been bothered with because I've always had this terrible itch for solitude. It's being at a party, or at a stadium full of people cheering for something, that I might feel loneliness. I'll quote Ibsen, \"The strongest men are the most alone.\" I've never thought, \"Well, some beautiful blonde will come in here and give me a fuck-job, rub my balls, and I'll feel good.\" No, that won't help. You know the typical crowd, \"Wow, it's Friday night, what are you going to do? Just sit there?\" Well, yeah. Because there's nothing out there. It's stupidity. Stupid people mingling with stupid people. Let them stupidify themselves. I've never been bothered with the need to rush out into the night. I hid in bars, because I didn't want to hide in factories. That's all. Sorry for all the millions, but I've never been lonely. I like myself. I'm the best form of entertainment I have. Let's drink more wine!
All little girls should be told they are pretty, even if they aren't.
We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.
The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven..
One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don't throw it away.
I can't imagine a man really enjoying a book and reading it only once.
Nothing that’s worthwhile is ever easy. Remember that.
Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worst kind of suffering.
Life is a book and there are a thousand pages I have not yet read.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
Accept who you are. Unless you're a serial killer.
It is a curious thing, the death of a loved one. We all know that our time in this world is limited, and that eventually all of us will end up underneath some sheet, never to wake up. And yet it is always a surprise when it happens to someone we know. It is like walking up the stairs to your bedroom in the dark, and thinking there is one more stair than there is. Your foot falls down, through the air, and there is a sickly moment of dark surprise as you try and readjust the way you thought of things.
God created war so that Americans would learn geography.
My experience of life is that it is not divided up into genres; it’s a horrifying, romantic, tragic, comical, science-fiction cowboy detective novel. You know, with a bit of pornography if you're lucky.
What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies.
It's not true that I had nothing on. I had the radio on.
You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear.
The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud.
It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them!
People aren't either wicked or noble. They're like chef's salads, with good things and bad things chopped and mixed together in a vinaigrette of confusion and conflict.
They didn’t agree on much. In fact, they didn’t agree on anything. They fought all the time and challenged each other ever day. But despite their differences, they had one important thing in common. They were crazy about each other.
I don't go looking for trouble. Trouble usually finds me.
Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.
For the two of us, home isn't a place. It is a person. And we are finally home.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
Not my daughter, you bitch!
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
Fantasy is hardly an escape from reality. It's a way of understanding it.
Without pain, how could we know joy?' This is an old argument in the field of thinking about suffering and its stupidity and lack of sophistication could be plumbed for centuries but suffice it to say that the existence of broccoli does not, in any way, affect the taste of chocolate.
And by the way, everything in life is writable about if you have the outgoing guts to do it, and the imagination to improvise. The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt.
Happiness is a warm puppy.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
I think if I've learned anything about friendship, it's to hang in, stay connected, fight for them, and let them fight for you. Don't walk away, don't be distracted, don't be too busy or tired, don't take them for granted. Friends are part of the glue that holds life and faith together. Powerful stuff.
In a time of deceit telling the truth is a revolutionary act.
Experience is merely the name men gave to their mistakes.
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up. You build up all these defenses, you build up a whole suit of armor, so that nothing can hurt you, then one stupid person, no different from any other stupid person, wanders into your stupid life...You give them a piece of you. They didn't ask for it. They did something dumb one day, like kiss you or smile at you, and then your life isn't your own anymore. Love takes hostages. It gets inside you. It eats you out and leaves you crying in the darkness, so simple a phrase like 'maybe we should be just friends' turns into a glass splinter working its way into your heart. It hurts. Not just in the imagination. Not just in the mind. It's a soul-hurt, a real gets-inside-you-and-rips-you-apart pain. I hate love.
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love.
I took a deep breath and listened to the old brag of my heart. I am, I am, I am.
You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write.
what matters most is how well you walk through the fire
I don't know the question, but sex is definitely the answer.
Don't ever tell anybody anything. If you do, you start missing everybody.
Books may well be the only true magic.
If you're looking for sympathy you'll find it between shit and syphilis in the dictionary.
All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
To douchebags!\" he said, gesturing to Brad. \"And to girls that break your heart,\" he bowed his head to me. His eyes lost focus. \"And to the absolute fucking horror of losing your best friend because you were stupid enough to fall in love with her.
If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.
He never went out without a book under his arm, and he often came back with two.
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I have lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.' You must do the thing you think you cannot do.
Think before you speak. Read before you think.
Beneath the makeup and behind the smile I am just a girl who wishes for the world.
The loneliest moment in someone’s life is when they are watching their whole world fall apart, and all they can do is stare blankly.
There comes a time when the world gets quiet and the only thing left is your own heart. So you'd better learn the sound of it. Otherwise you'll never understand what it's saying.
They love their hair because they're not smart enough to love something more interesting.
I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night.
As usual, there is a great woman behind every idiot.
Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope.
Good books don't give up all their secrets at once.
You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.
Being crazy isn't enough.
Any fool can know. The point is to understand.
Everyone should be able to do one card trick, tell two jokes, and recite three poems, in case they are ever trapped in an elevator.
Life is a disease: sexually transmitted, and invariably fatal.
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.
Laughter is timeless. Imagination has no age. And dreams are forever.
Why fit in when you were born to stand out?
Many people, myself among them, feel better at the mere sight of a book.
Above all, be the heroine of your life, not the victim.
Kiss me, and you will see how important I am.
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass.
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn’t know.
Some tourists think Amsterdam is a city of sin, but in truth it is a city of freedom. And in freedom, most people find sin.
Everything in the world is about sex except sex. Sex is about power.
There are worse crimes than burning books. One of them is not reading them.
The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.
There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
We're all going to die, all of us, what a circus! That alone should make us love each other but it doesn't. We are terrorized and flattened by trivialities, we are eaten up by nothing.
Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option.
But luxury has never appealed to me, I like simple things, books, being alone, or with somebody who understands.
I am very interested and fascinated how everyone loves each other, but no one really likes each other.
I wonder how many people I've looked at all my life and never seen.
Remember: the time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself. Life's cruelest irony.
When you have eliminated all which is impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing ever happened.
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.
No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader. No surprise in the writer, no surprise in the reader.
Love is so short, forgetting is so long.
I have great faith in fools - self-confidence my friends will call it.
Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
But who prays for Satan? Who, in eighteen centuries, has had the common humanity to pray for the one sinner that needed it most?
I don't mind living in a man's world, as long as I can be a woman in it.
Life is pain, highness. Anyone who says differently is selling something.
Percy wouldn't notice a joke if it danced naked in front of him wearing one of Dobby's hats.
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.
I have a theory that selflessness and bravery aren't all that different.
What I want is to be needed. What I need is to be indispensable to somebody. Who I need is somebody that will eat up all my free time, my ego, my attention. Somebody addicted to me. A mutual addiction.
There are too many books I haven’t read, too many places I haven’t seen, too many memories I haven’t kept long enough.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
I love people who make me laugh. I honestly think it's the thing I like most, to laugh. It cures a multitude of ills. It's probably the most important thing in a person.
Stupid people are dangerous.
My daddy said, that the first time you fall in love, it changes you forever and no matter how hard you try, that feeling just never goes away.
Everyone sees what you appear to be, few experience what you really are.
The very essence of romance is uncertainty.
Whatever it is you're seeking won't come in the form you're expecting.
And once the storm is over, you won’t remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive. You won’t even be sure, whether the storm is really over. But one thing is certain. When you come out of the storm, you won’t be the same person who walked in. That’s what this storm’s all about.
If you're going to try, go all the way. Otherwise, don't even start. This could mean losing girlfriends, wives, relatives and maybe even your mind. It could mean not eating for three or four days. It could mean freezing on a park bench. It could mean jail. It could mean derision. It could mean mockery--isolation. Isolation is the gift. All the others are a test of your endurance, of how much you really want to do it. And, you'll do it, despite rejection and the worst odds. And it will be better than anything else you can imagine. If you're going to try, go all the way. There is no other feeling like that. You will be alone with the gods, and the nights will flame with fire. You will ride life straight to perfect laughter. It's the only good fight there is.
A human being is a part of the whole called by us universe, a part limited in time and space. He experiences himself, his thoughts and feeling as something separated from the rest, a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness. This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us. Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty.
…because nerds like us are allowed to be unironically enthusiastic about stuff… Nerds are allowed to love stuff, like jump-up-and-down-in-the-chair-can’t-control-yourself love it. Hank, when people call people nerds, mostly what they’re saying is ‘you like stuff.’ Which is just not a good insult at all. Like, ‘you are too enthusiastic about the miracle of human consciousness’.
The nicest thing for me is sleep, then at least I can dream.
Man may have discovered fire, but women discovered how to play with it.
And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
If all else perished, and he remained, I should still continue to be; and if all else remained, and he were annihilated, the universe would turn to a mighty stranger.
That's the thing about books. They let you travel without moving your feet.
What matters in life is not what happens to you but what you remember and how you remember it.
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
Deserves it! I daresay he does. Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.
I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ.
There are few people whom I really love, and still fewer of whom I think well. The more I see of the world, the more am I dissatisfied with it; and every day confirms my belief of the inconsistency of all human characters, and of the little dependence that can be placed on the appearance of merit or sense.
People are afraid of themselves, of their own reality; their feelings most of all. People talk about how great love is, but that’s bullshit. Love hurts. Feelings are disturbing. People are taught that pain is evil and dangerous. How can they deal with love if they’re afraid to feel? Pain is meant to wake us up. People try to hide their pain. But they’re wrong. Pain is something to carry, like a radio. You feel your strength in the experience of pain. It’s all in how you carry it. That’s what matters. Pain is a feeling. Your feelings are a part of you. Your own reality. If you feel ashamed of them, and hide them, you’re letting society destroy your reality. You should stand up for your right to feel your pain.
Books are my friends, my companions. They make me laugh and cry and find meaning in life.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
Reading was my escape and my comfort, my consolation, my stimulant of choice: reading for the pure pleasure of it, for the beautiful stillness that surrounds you when you hear an author's words reverberating in your head.
Nothing of me is original. I am the combined effort of everyone I've ever known.
I am a badass, and I recognize that you, too, are a badass.
I don't want to lose the boy with the bread.
Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently.
Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet.
Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying.
For you, a thousand times over
It may be unfair, but what happens in a few days, sometimes even a single day, can change the course of a whole lifetime...
What is an \"instant\" death anyway? How long is an instant? Is it one second? Ten? The pain of those seconds must have been awful as her heart burst and her lungs collapsed and there was no air and no blood to her brain and only raw panic. What the hell is instant? Nothing is instant. Instant rice takes five minutes, instant pudding an hour. I doubt that an instant of blinding pain feels particularly instantaneous.
What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you.
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.
The wound is the place where the Light enters you.
The town was paper, but the memories were not.
It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called Life.
Those who find ugly meanings in beautiful things are corrupt without being charming. This is a fault. Those who find beautiful meanings in beautiful things are the cultivated. For these there is hope. They are the elect to whom beautiful things mean only Beauty. There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book. Books are well written, or badly written. That is all.
Each day means a new twenty-four hours. Each day means everything's possible again. You live in the moment, you die in the moment, you take it all one day at a time.
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
It hurts to let go. Sometimes it seems the harder you try to hold on to something or someone the more it wants to get away. You feel like some kind of criminal for having felt, for having wanted. For having wanted to be wanted. It confuses you, because you think that your feelings were wrong and it makes you feel so small because it's so hard to keep it inside when you let it out and it doesn't coma back. You're left so alone that you can't explain. Damn, there's nothing like that, is there? I've been there and you have too. You're nodding your head.
Imagine yourself as a living house. God comes in to rebuild that house. At first, perhaps, you can understand what He is doing. He is getting the drains right and stopping the leaks in the roof and so on; you knew that those jobs needed doing and so you are not surprised. But presently He starts knocking the house about in a way that hurts abominably and does not seem to make any sense. What on earth is He up to? The explanation is that He is building quite a different house from the one you thought of - throwing out a new wing here, putting on an extra floor there, running up towers, making courtyards. You thought you were being made into a decent little cottage: but He is building a palace. He intends to come and live in it Himself.
My nightmares are usually about losing you. I'm okay once I realize you're here.
I have never listened to anyone who criticized my taste in space travel, sideshows or gorillas. When this occurs, I pack up my dinosaurs and leave the room.
Prayer is not asking. It is a longing of the soul. It is daily admission of one's weakness. It is better in prayer to have a heart without words than words without a heart.
I didn't want to wake up. I was having a much better time asleep. And that's really sad. It was almost like a reverse nightmare, like when you wake up from a nightmare you're so relieved. I woke up into a nightmare.
Libraries were full of ideas–perhaps the most dangerous and powerful of all weapons.
I lie to myself all the time. But I never believe me.
It's a metaphor, see: You put the killing thing right between your teeth, but you don't give it the power to do its killing.
If you are going through hell, keep going.
Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.
No medicine cures what happiness cannot.
I am not sure exactly what heaven will be like, but I know that when we die and it comes time for God to judge us, he will not ask, 'How many good things have you done in your life?' rather he will ask, 'How much love did you put into what you did?
Love is a fire. But whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn down your house, you can never tell.
Everybody has a secret world inside of them. I mean everybody. All of the people in the whole world, I mean everybody — no matter how dull and boring they are on the outside. Inside them they've all got unimaginable, magnificent, wonderful, stupid, amazing worlds... Not just one world. Hundreds of them. Thousands, maybe.
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.
Don't order any of the faerie food,\" said Jace, looking at her over the top of his menu. \"It tends to make humans a little crazy. One minute you're munching a faerie plum, the next minute you're running naked down Madison Avenue with antlers on your head. Not,\" he added hastily, \"that this has ever happened to me.
Live, travel, adventure, bless, and don't be sorry.
Maybe 'okay' will be our 'always
If he’s not calling you, it’s because you are not on his mind. If he creates expectations for you, and then doesn’t follow through on little things, he will do same for big things. Be aware of this and realize that he’s okay with disappointing you. Don’t be with someone who doesn’t do what they say they’re going to do. If he’s choosing not to make a simple effort that would put you at ease and bring harmony to a recurring fight, then he doesn’t respect your feelings and needs. “Busy” is another word for “asshole.” “Asshole” is another word for the guy you’re dating. You deserve a fcking phone call.
When a man gives his opinion, he's a man. When a woman gives her opinion, she's a bitch.
I think God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability.
My ambition is handicapped by laziness
You haven't got a letter on yours,\" George observed. \"I suppose she thinks you don't forget your name. But we're not stupid-we know we're called Gred and Forge.
My tastes are simple: I am easily satisfied with the best.
It's not denial. I'm just selective about the reality I accept.
Loyalty to country ALWAYS. Loyalty to government, when it deserves it.
Never be afraid to raise your voice for honesty and truth and compassion against injustice and lying and greed. If people all over the world...would do this, it would change the earth.
Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you.
It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Sometimes crying or laughing are the only options left, and laughing feels better right now.
Books are like mirrors: if a fool looks in, you cannot expect a genius to look out.
I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow; but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.
None of us really changes over time. We only become more fully what we are.
Painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt, and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen.
You wouldn't worry so much about what others think of you if you realized how seldom they do.
Will looked horrified. \"What kind of monster could possibly hate chocolate?
You have your way. I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist.
You are the answer to every prayer I've offered. You are a song, a dream, a whisper, and I don't know how I could have lived without you for as long as I have.
You think your pain and your heartbreak are unprecedented in the history of the world, but then you read. It was books that taught me that the things that tormented me most were the very things that connected me with all the people who were alive, who had ever been alive.
Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities; Truth isn't.
Show me a hero, and I'll write you a tragedy.
Sometimes you make choices in life and sometimes choices make you.
It's just that I don't want to be somebody's crush. If somebody likes me, I want them to like the real me, not what they think I am. And I don't want them to carry it around inside. I want them to show me, so I can feel it too.
Wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something.
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes.
She is too fond of books, and it has turned her brain.
I don't want to die without any scars.
The simple things are also the most extraordinary things, and only the wise can see them.
Who said nights were for sleep?
I can feel Peeta press his forehead into my temple and he asks, 'So now that you've got me, what are you going to do with me?' I turn into him. 'Put you somewhere you can't get hurt.
I never travel without my diary. One should always have something sensational to read in the train.
That is part of the beauty of all literature. You discover that your longings are universal longings, that you're not lonely and isolated from anyone. You belong.
One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.
She generally gave herself very good advice, (though she very seldom followed it).
People haven't always been there for me but music always has.
Woke up this morning with a terrific urge to lie in bed all day and read.
In the case of good books, the point is not to see how many of them you can get through, but rather how many can get through to you.
Fear doesn't shut you down; it wakes you up
Wrinkles should merely indicate where the smiles have been.
We’re all seeking that special person who is right for us. But if you’ve been through enough relationships, you begin to suspect there’s no right person, just different flavors of wrong. Why is this? Because you yourself are wrong in some way, and you seek out partners who are wrong in some complementary way. But it takes a lot of living to grow fully into your own wrongness. And it isn’t until you finally run up against your deepest demons, your unsolvable problems—the ones that make you truly who you are—that we’re ready to find a lifelong mate. Only then do you finally know what you’re looking for. You’re looking for the wrong person. But not just any wrong person: it's got to be the right wrong person—someone you lovingly gaze upon and think, “This is the problem I want to have.
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.
I don't trust people who don't love themselves and tell me, 'I love you.' ... There is an African saying which is: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt.
I may die young, but at least I'll die smart.
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
None but ourselves can free our minds.
Fire is catching! And if we burn, you burn with us!
The road to hell is paved with adverbs.
It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat.
Resist much, obey little.
Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, made new.
Books are mirrors: you only see in them what you already have inside you.
And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.
Should I kill myself, or have a cup of coffee?
Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It's not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.
No book is really worth reading at the age of ten which is not equally – and often far more – worth reading at the age of fifty and beyond.
Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect.
It was love at first sight, at last sight, at ever and ever sight.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart
If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need.
Fiction is the truth inside the lie.
Pain and suffering are always inevitable for a large intelligence and a deep heart. The really great men must, I think, have great sadness on earth.
The fact that we live at the bottom of a deep gravity well, on the surface of a gas covered planet going around a nuclear fireball 90 million miles away and think this to be normal is obviously some indication of how skewed our perspective tends to be.
If you remember me, then I don't care if everyone else forgets.
I am coming to terms with the fact that loving someone requires a leap of faith, and that a soft landing is never guaranteed.
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.
You know, Minister, I disagree with Dumbledore on many counts...but you cannot deny he's got style...
Deadlines just aren't real to me until I'm staring one in the face.
Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one.
Everything is possible. The impossible just takes longer.
I read so I can live more than one life in more than one place.
To be a Christian means to forgive the inexcusable because God has forgiven the inexcusable in you.
Ever had a flying burrito hit you? Well, it's a deadly projectile, right up there with cannonballs and grenades.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
You can spend minutes, hours, days, weeks, or even months over-analyzing a situation; trying to put the pieces together, justifying what could've, would've happened... or you can just leave the pieces on the floor and move the fuck on.
I’d said it before and meant it: Alive or undead, the love of my life was a badass.
You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore.
You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star.
Some things don't last forever, but some things do. Like a good song, or a good book, or a good memory you can take out and unfold in your darkest times, pressing down on the corners and peering in close, hoping you still recognize the person you see there.
It's strange because sometimes, I read a book, and I think I am the people in the book.
We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all the power we need inside ourselves already.
If you like her, if she makes you happy, and if you feel like you know her---then don't let her go.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
A brave man acknowledges the strength of others.
Never say goodbye because goodbye means going away and going away means forgetting.
It always shocked me when I realized that I wasn’t the only person in the world who thought and felt such strange and awful things.
When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye.
Music is a total constant. That's why we have such a strong visceral connection to it, you know? Because a song can take you back instantly to a moment, or a place, or even a person. No matter what else has changed in your or the world, that one song says the same, just like that moment.
The most important things are the hardest to say. They are the things you get ashamed of, because words diminish them -- words shrink things that seemed limitless when they were in your head to no more than living size when they're brought out. But it's more than that, isn't it? The most important things lie too close to wherever your secret heart is buried, like landmarks to a treasure your enemies would love to steal away. And you may make revelations that cost you dearly only to have people look at you in a funny way, not understanding what you've said at all, or why you thought it was so important that you almost cried while you were saying it. That's the worst, I think. When the secret stays locked within not for want of a teller but for want of an understanding ear.
Sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being.
How many slams in an old screen door? Depends how loud you shut it. How many slices in a bread? Depends how thin you cut it. How much good inside a day? Depends how good you live 'em. How much love inside a friend? Depends how much you give 'em.
You smell good, too,
Once you can accept the universe as matter expanding into nothing that is something, wearing stripes with plaid comes easy.
I don’t know if you’ve ever felt like that. That you wanted to sleep for a thousand years. Or just not exist. Or just not be aware that you do exist. Or something like that. I think wanting that is very morbid, but I want it when I get like this. That’s why I’m trying not to think. I just want it all to stop spinning.
By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
Like most misery, it started with apparent happiness.
If pain must come, may it come quickly. Because I have a life to live, and I need to live it in the best way possible. If he has to make a choice, may he make it now. Then I will either wait for him or forget him.
We live for books.
God has no religion.
If you don't imagine, nothing ever happens at all.
Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness.
Only in the darkness can you see the stars.
Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
I saw my life branching out before me like the green fig tree in the story. From the tip of every branch, like a fat purple fig, a wonderful future beckoned and winked. One fig was a husband and a happy home and children, and another fig was a famous poet and another fig was a brilliant professor, and another fig was Ee Gee, the amazing editor, and another fig was Europe and Africa and South America, and another fig was Constantin and Socrates and Attila and a pack of other lovers with queer names and offbeat professions, and another fig was an Olympic lady crew champion, and beyond and above these figs were many more figs I couldn't quite make out. I saw myself sitting in the crotch of this fig tree, starving to death, just because I couldn't make up my mind which of the figs I would choose. I wanted each and every one of them, but choosing one meant losing all the rest, and, as I sat there, unable to decide, the figs began to wrinkle and go black, and, one by one, they plopped to the ground at my feet.
Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind.
I don't want to repeat my innocence. I want the pleasure of losing it again.
The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it.
I was never really insane except upon occasions when my heart was touched.
Be careful of love. It'll twist your brain around and leave you thinking up is down and right is wrong.
Some people have lives; some people have music.
Angry people are not always wise.
I love you. Remember. They cannot take it
Begin at the beginning,\" the King said, very gravely, \"and go on till you come to the end: then stop.
I love you more than there are stars in the sky and fish in the sea.
Stop acting so small. You are the universe in ecstatic motion.
Life has no meaning. Each of us has meaning and we bring it to life. It is a waste to be asking the question when you are the answer.
Let us step into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure.
Only a true best friend can protect you from your immortal enemies.
If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were.
War is what happens when language fails.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
I’m here. I love you. I don’t care if you need to stay up crying all night long, I will stay with you. If you need the medication again, go ahead and take it—I will love you through that, as well. If you don’t need the medication, I will love you, too. There’s nothing you can ever do to lose my love. I will protect you until you die, and after your death I will still protect you. I am stronger than Depression and I am braver than Loneliness and nothing will ever exhaust me.
Tell the truth, or someone will tell it for you.
Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
A woman's heart should be so hidden in God that a man has to seek Him just to find her.
Let no man pull you so low as to hate him.
When love is not madness it is not love.
Everything was beautiful and nothing hurt.
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Declarations of love amuse me. Especially when unrequited.
Books are the mirrors of the soul.
Weeds are flowers, too, once you get to know them.
Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up.
The only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open.
True love is rare, and it's the only thing that gives life real meaning.
It kills me sometimes, how people die.
It is more fun to talk with someone who doesn't use long, difficult words but rather short, easy words like \"What about lunch?
When I was a little girl I used to read fairy tales. In fairy tales you meet Prince Charming and he's everything you ever wanted. In fairy tales the bad guy is very easy to spot. The bad guy is always wearing a black cape so you always know who he is. Then you grow up and you realize that Prince Charming is not as easy to find as you thought. You realize the bad guy is not wearing a black cape and he's not easy to spot; he's really funny, and he makes you laugh, and he has perfect hair.
I suspect the truth is that we are waiting, all of us, against insurmountable odds, for something extraordinary to happen to us.
Fear cuts deeper than swords.
What you must understand about me is that I’m a deeply unhappy person.
I suppose I'll have to add the force of gravity to my list of enemies.
I believe the universe wants to be noticed. I think the universe is inprobably biased toward the consciousness, that it rewards intelligence in part because the universe enjoys its elegance being observed. And who am I, living in the middle of history, to tell the universe that it-or my observation of it-is temporary?
Laters, baby.
If I were not a physicist, I would probably be a musician. I often think in music. I live my daydreams in music. I see my life in terms of music.
There is nothing in the world so irresistibly contagious as laughter and good humor.
Cinderella? Snow White? What's that? An illness?
I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it.
Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!
That's the problem with drinking, I thought, as I poured myself a drink. If something bad happens you drink in an attempt to forget; if something good happens you drink in order to celebrate; and if nothing happens you drink to make something happen.
You know, one of the tragedies of real life is that there is no background music.
Why do people have to be this lonely? What's the point of it all? Millions of people in this world, all of them yearning, looking to others to satisfy them, yet isolating themselves. Why? Was the earth put here just to nourish human loneliness?
Unbeing dead isn't being alive.
Angry, and half in love with her, and tremendously sorry, I turned away.
Books are the plane, and the train, and the road. They are the destination, and the journey. They are home.
You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them.
We are not necessarily doubting that God will do the best for us; we are wondering how painful the best will turn out to be.
It's just that...I just think that some things are meant to be broken. Imperfect. Chaotic. It's the universe's way of providing contrast, you know? There have to be a few holes in the road. It's how life is.
I have heard there are troubles of more than one kind. Some come from ahead and some come from behind. But I've bought a big bat. I'm all ready you see. Now my troubles are going to have troubles with me!
The worst part of holding the memories is not the pain. It's the loneliness of it. Memories need to be shared.
Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should lead their lives, but none about his or her own.
The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.
If you look for perfection, you'll never be content.
You believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself.
No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
Books. Cats. Life is Good.
That’s part of what I like about the book in some ways. It portrays death truthfully. You die in the middle of your life, in the middle of a sentence
Well, it seems to me that the best relationships - the ones that last - are frequently the ones that are rooted in friendship. You know, one day you look at the person and you see something more than you did the night before. Like a switch has been flicked somewhere. And the person who was just a friend is... suddenly the only person you can ever imagine yourself with.
Death must be so beautiful. To lie in the soft brown earth, with the grasses waving above one's head, and listen to silence. To have no yesterday, and no tomorrow. To forget time, to forgive life, to be at peace.
This moment will just be another story someday.
I cannot fix on the hour, or the spot, or the look or the words, which laid the foundation. It is too long ago. I was in the middle before I knew that I had begun.
People think dreams aren't real just because they aren't made of matter, of particles. Dreams are real. But they are made of viewpoints, of images, of memories and puns and lost hopes.
Basically, I have two speeds.... Hostile or smart-aleck. Your choice.
Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
People aren't born good or bad. Maybe they're born with tendencies either way, but its the way you live your life that matters.
I mean, if the relationship can't survive the long term, why on earth would it be worth my time and energy for the short term?
People generally see what they look for, and hear what they listen for.
The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts, while the stupid ones are full of confidence.
It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don't keep your feet, there's no knowing where you might be swept off to.
Enjoy it. Because it's happening.
Reading one book is like eating one potato chip.
You’ve got about as much charm as a dead slug.
Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.
Albus Severus,\" Harry said quietly, so that nobody but Ginny could hear, and she was tactful enough to pretend to be waving to Rose, who was now on the train, \"you were named for two headmasters of Hogwarts. One of them was a Slytherin and he was probably the bravest man I ever knew.
What I say is, a town isn’t a town without a bookstore. It may call itself a town, but unless it’s got a bookstore, it knows it’s not foolin’ a soul.
Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.
It's all right to love someone who doesn't love you back, as long as they're worth you loving them. As long as they deserve it.
The Guide says there is an art to flying\", said Ford, \"or rather a knack. The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
A painter should begin every canvas with a wash of black, because all things in nature are dark except where exposed by the light.
Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
Francois Rabelais. He was a poet. And his last words were \"I go to seek a Great Perhaps.\" That's why I'm going. So I don't have to wait until I die to start seeking a Great Perhaps.
What you seek is seeking you.
God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas but for scars.
أجمل حب هو الذي نعثر عليه أثناء بحثنا عن شيء آخر
Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow, it empties today of its strength.
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.
You realize that trying to keep your distance from me will not lessen my affection for you. All efforts to save me from you will fail.
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go.
There comes a time when one must take a position that is neither safe, nor politic, nor popular, but he must take it because conscience tells him it is right.
I am haunted by humans.
You are so busy being YOU that you have no idea how utterly unprecedented you are.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
Book collecting is an obsession, an occupation, a disease, an addiction, a fascination, an absurdity, a fate. It is not a hobby. Those who do it must do it.
Why do you go away? So that you can come back. So that you can see the place you came from with new eyes and extra colors. And the people there see you differently, too. Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving.
There is no surer foundation for a beautiful friendship than a mutual taste in literature.
Mom. I have something to tell you. I’m undead. Now, I know you may have some preconceived notions about the undead. I know you may not be comfortable with the idea of me being undead. But I’m here to tell you that undead are just like you and me … well, okay. Possibly more like me than you.
Right now I’m having amnesia and déjà vu at the same time. I think I’ve forgotten this before.
There was nowhere to go but everywhere, so just keep on rolling under the stars.
If you obey all of the rules, you miss all of the fun.
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible.
Just because you call an electric eel a rubber duck doesn't make it a rubber duck, does it? And God help the poor bastard who decides they want to take a bath with the duckie. (Jace Wayland)
If writers wrote as carelessly as some people talk, then adhasdh asdglaseuyt[bn[ pasdlgkhasdfasdf.
I think we dream so we don’t have to be apart for so long. If we’re in each other’s dreams, we can be together all the time.
Dumbledore says people find it far easier to forgive others for being wrong than being right.
Writing is a socially acceptable form of schizophrenia.
The Chinese use two brush strokes to write the word 'crisis.' One brush stroke stands for danger; the other for opportunity. In a crisis, be aware of the danger--but recognize the opportunity.
Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else.
Nobody likes being alone that much. I don't go out of my way to make friends, that's all. It just leads to disappointment.
A woman has to live her life, or live to repent not having lived it.
I did then what I knew how to do. Now that I know better, I do better.
Life is to be enjoyed, not endured
Stories never really end...even if the books like to pretend they do. Stories always go on. They don't end on the last page, any more than they begin on the first page.
I read a book one day and my whole life was changed.
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
Everything tells me that I am about to make a wrong decision, but making mistakes is just part of life. What does the world want of me? Does it want me to take no risks, to go back to where I came from because I didn't have the courage to say \"yes\" to life?
Maybe who we are isn't so much about what we do, but rather what we're capable of when we least expect it.
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.
I was smiling yesterday,I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow.Simply because life is too short to cry for anything.
There are wounds that never show on the body that are deeper and more hurtful than anything that bleeds.
Everyone has talent. What's rare is the courage to follow it to the dark places where it leads.
She wasn't bitter. She was sad, though. But it was a hopeful kind of sad. The kind of sad that just takes time.
لن تكون متدينا إلا بالعلم ...فالله لا يعبد بالجهل
Holey? You have the the whole world of ear-related humor before you, you go for holey?
The more I see, the less I know for sure.
The most beautiful people we have known are those who have known defeat, known suffering, known struggle, known loss, and have found their way out of the depths. These persons have an appreciation, a sensitivity, and an understanding of life that fills them with compassion, gentleness, and a deep loving concern. Beautiful people do not just happen.
If you go home with somebody, and they don't have books, don't fuck 'em!
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.
There are three things all wise men fear: the sea in storm, a night with no moon, and the anger of a gentle man.
The most important kind of freedom is to be what you really are. You trade in your reality for a role. You trade in your sense for an act. You give up your ability to feel, and in exchange, put on a mask. There can't be any large-scale revolution until there's a personal revolution, on an individual level. It's got to happen inside first.
If cats looked like frogs we'd realize what nasty, cruel little bastards they are. Style. That's what people remember.
We know what we are, but not what we may be.
My life amounts to no more than one drop in a limitless ocean. Yet what is any ocean, but a multitude of drops?
Follow your inner moonlight; don't hide the madness.
There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest.
The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward.
I wanted the whole world or nothing.
You can't be happy unless you're unhappy sometimes\".
I love you also means I love you more than anyone loves you, or has loved you, or will love you, and also, I love you in a way that no one loves you, or has loved you, or will love you, and also, I love you in a way that I love no one else, and never have loved anyone else, and never will love anyone else.
All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.
Words can be like X-rays if you use them properly -- they’ll go through anything. You read and you’re pierced.
What would men be without women? Scarce, sir...mighty scarce.
Do you think I am an automaton? — a machine without feelings? and can bear to have my morsel of bread snatched from my lips, and my drop of living water dashed from my cup? Do you think, because I am poor, obscure, plain, and little, I am soulless and heartless? You think wrong! — I have as much soul as you — and full as much heart! And if God had gifted me with some beauty and much wealth, I should have made it as hard for you to leave me, as it is now for me to leave you. I am not talking to you now through the medium of custom, conventionalities, nor even of mortal flesh: it is my spirit that addresses your spirit; just as if both had passed through the grave, and we stood at God's feet, equal — as we are!
No, I'm just a very naughty boy. I do all sorts of bad things. I kick kittens. I make rude gestures at nuns.
With freedom, books, flowers, and the moon, who could not be happy?
People who claim that they're evil are usually no worse than the rest of us... It's people who claim that they're good, or any way better than the rest of us, that you have to be wary of.
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.
Usually I'm remarkably good natured. Try me on a day that doesn't end in y.
Everybody is identical in their secret unspoken belief that way deep down they are different from everyone else.
The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected.
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
We all have our time machines, don't we. Those that take us back are memories...And those that carry us forward, are dreams.
I will not say: do not weep; for not all tears are an evil.
Both Rowling and Meyer, they’re speaking directly to young people. … The real difference is that Jo Rowling is a terrific writer and Stephenie Meyer can’t write worth a darn. She’s not very good.
Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but rather to skid in broadside in a cloud of smoke, thoroughly used up, totally worn out, and loudly proclaiming \"Wow! What a Ride!
I'm a grenade and at some point I'm going to blow up and I would like to minimize the casualties, okay?
I don't believe in the kind of magic in my books. But I do believe something very magical can happen when you read a good book.
Sometimes people don't want to hear the truth because they don't want their illusions destroyed.
All endings are also beginnings. We just don't know it at the time.
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
Let there be spaces in your togetherness, And let the winds of the heavens dance between you. Love one another but make not a bond of love: Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls. Fill each other's cup but drink not from one cup. Give one another of your bread but eat not from the same loaf. Sing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone, Even as the strings of a lute are alone though they quiver with the same music. Give your hearts, but not into each other's keeping. For only the hand of Life can contain your hearts. And stand together, yet not too near together: For the pillars of the temple stand apart, And the oak tree and the cypress grow not in each other's shadow.
A good library will never be too neat, or too dusty, because somebody will always be in it, taking books off the shelves and staying up late reading them.
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, nor to worry about the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly.
You never fail until you stop trying.
In heaven, all the interesting people are missing.
Three things in human life are important: the first is to be kind; the second is to be kind; and the third is to be kind.
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.
People, I have discovered, are layers and layers of secrets. You believe you know them, that you understand them, but their motives are always hidden from you, buried in their own hearts. You will never know them, but sometimes you decide to trust them.
When you stop expecting people to be perfect, you can like them for who they are.
Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends?
The greater the love, the greater the tragedy when it's over.
Why didn't I learn to treat everything like it was the last time. My greatest regret was how much I believed in the future.
It is good to love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is well done.
Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michaelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.
Some old wounds never truly heal, and bleed again at the slightest word.
Because you are beautiful. I enjoy looking at beautiful people, and I decided a while ago not to deny myself the simpler pleasures of existence
Start writing, no matter what. The water does not flow until the faucet is turned on.
Maybe there's something you're afraid to say, or someone you're afraid to love, or somewhere you're afraid to go. It's gonna hurt. It's gonna hurt because it matters.
If you are allergic to a thing, it is best not to put that thing in your mouth, particularly if the thing is cats.
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
You could rattle the stars,\" she whispered. \"You could do anything, if only you dared. And deep down, you know it, too. That’s what scares you most.
If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him\/her. Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart; if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate.
It is a curious thought, but it is only when you see people looking ridiculous that you realize just how much you love them.
Sometimes it seems safer to hold it all in, where the only person who can judge is yourself.
What you do, the way you think, makes you beautiful.
You’re wishin’ too much, baby. You gotta stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone oughtta be.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Hate the sin, love the sinner.
All we demanded was our right to twinkle.
Vanity and pride are different things, though the words are often used synonymously. A person may be proud without being vain. Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us.
You are imperfect, permanently and inevitably flawed. And you are beautiful.
The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious. It is the fundamental emotion that stands at the cradle of true art and true science.
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
The true soldier fights not because he hates what is in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him.
The so-called ‘psychotically depressed’ person who tries to kill herself doesn’t do so out of quote ‘hopelessness’ or any abstract conviction that life’s assets and debits do not square. And surely not because death seems suddenly appealing. The person in whom Its invisible agony reaches a certain unendurable level will kill herself the same way a trapped person will eventually jump from the window of a burning high-rise. Make no mistake about people who leap from burning windows. Their terror of falling from a great height is still just as great as it would be for you or me standing speculatively at the same window just checking out the view; i.e. the fear of falling remains a constant. The variable here is the other terror, the fire’s flames: when the flames get close enough, falling to death becomes the slightly less terrible of two terrors. It’s not desiring the fall; it’s terror of the flames. And yet nobody down on the sidewalk, looking up and yelling ‘Don’t!’ and ‘Hang on!’, can understand the jump. Not really. You’d have to have personally been trapped and felt flames to really understand a terror way beyond falling.
I was thinking about the first time I ever saw you,\" he said, \"and how after that I couldn't forget you. I wanted to, but I couldn't stop myself. I forced Hodge to let me be the one who came to find you and bring you back to the Institue. And even back then, in that stupid coffee shop, when I saw you sitting on that couch with Simon, even then that felt wrong to me-- I should have been the one sitting with you. The one who made you laugh like that. I couldn't get rid of that feeling. That it should have been me. And the more I knew you, the more I felt it--it had never been like that for me before. I'd always wanted a girl and then gotten to know her and not wanted her anymore, but with you the feeling just got stronger and stronger until that night when you showed up at Renwick's and I knew.
There is no real ending. It’s just the place where you stop the story.
There's plenty of sense in nonsense sometimes, if you wish to look for it.
Don’t grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form.
Goodbye,\" said the fox. \"And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
A book, too, can be a star, a living fire to lighten the darkness, leading out into the expanding universe.
One love, one heart, one destiny.
After nourishment, shelter and companionship, stories are the thing we need most in the world.
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness.
Learn what is to be taken seriously and laugh at the rest.
Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.
It's like everyone tells a story about themselves inside their own head. Always. All the time. That story makes you what you are. We build ourselves out of that story.
but for my own part, if a book is well written, I always find it too short.
To go wrong in one's own way is better than to go right in someone else's.
Despite my ghoulish reputation, I really have the heart of a small boy. I keep it in a jar on my desk.
I have the choice of being constantly active and happy or introspectively passive and sad. Or I can go mad by ricocheting in between.
But a mermaid has no tears, and therefore she suffers so much more.
Do your thing and don't care if they like it.
At some point, you just pull off the Band-Aid, and it hurts, but then it's over and you're relieved.
You don’t know what goes on in anyone’s life but your own. And when you mess with one part of a person’s life, you’re not messing with just that part. Unfortunately, you can’t be that precise and selective. When you mess with one part of a person’s life, you’re messing with their entire life. Everything. . . affects everything.
Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination.
I never change, I simply become more myself.
Poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese.
It's not the face, but the expressions on it. It's not the voice, but what you say. It's not how you look in that body, but the thing you do with it. You are beautiful.
Don't take life too seriously. Punch it in the face when it needs a good hit. Laugh at it.
I go to seek a Great Perhaps.
That was the thing. You never got used to it, the idea of someone being gone. Just when you think it's reconciled, accepted, someone points it out to you, and it just hits you all over again, that shocking.
When someone leaves, it's because someone else is about to arrive.
If you gave someone your heart and they died, did they take it with them? Did you spend the rest of forever with a hole inside you that couldn't be filled?
He's a wallflower. You see things. You keep quiet about them. And you understand.
Oh well... I'd just been thinking, if you had died, you'd have been welcome to share my toilet.
You don't remember what happened. What you remember becomes what happened.
An intellectual says a simple thing in a hard way. An artist says a hard thing in a simple way.
Don't Panic.
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style
You know, when it works, love is pretty amazing. It's not overrated. There's a reason for all those songs.
Is 'fat' really the worst thing a human being can be? Is 'fat' worse than 'vindictive', 'jealous', 'shallow', 'vain', 'boring' or 'cruel'? Not to me.
Ah,
I myself am made entirely of flaws, stitched together with good intentions.
The scariest moment is always just before you start.
There are no faster or firmer friendships than those formed between people who love the same books.
This is your life and its ending one moment at a time.
All grown-ups were once children... but only few of them remember it.
You pierce my soul. I am half agony, half hope...I have loved none but you.
I will not let anyone walk through my mind with their dirty feet.
And the rest is rust and stardust.
Once you have tasted flight, you will forever walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you will always long to return.
Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet.
I hate to hear you talk about all women as if they were fine ladies instead of rational creatures. None of us want to be in calm waters all our lives.
Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
So be sure when you step, Step with care and great tact. And remember that life's A Great Balancing Act. And will you succeed? Yes! You will, indeed! (98 and ¾ percent guaranteed) Kid, you'll move mountains.
I fell in love with her courage, her sincerity, and her flaming self respect. And it's these things I'd believe in, even if the whole world indulged in wild suspicions that she wasn't all she should be. I love her and it is the beginning of everything.
Perhaps when we find ourselves wanting everything, it is because we are dangerously close to wanting nothing.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
It's enough for me to be sure that you and I exist at this moment.
It happens to everyone as they grow up. You find out who you are and what you want, and then you realize that people you've known forever don't see things the way you do. So you keep the wonderful memories, but find yourself moving on.
Everybody talks about wanting to change things and help and fix, but ultimately all you can do is fix yourself. And that's a lot. Because if you can fix yourself, it has a ripple effect.
Sometimes, you read a book and it fills you with this weird evangelical zeal, and you become convinced that the shattered world will never be put back together unless and until all living humans read the book. And then there are books like An Imperial Affliction, which you can't tell people about, books so special and rare and yours that advertising your affection feels like betrayal
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
A man can no more diminish God's glory by refusing to worship Him than a lunatic can put out the sun by scribbling the word 'darkness' on the walls of his cell.
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.
What Is Love? I have met in the streets a very poor young man who was in love. His hat was old, his coat worn, the water passed through his shoes and the stars through his soul
I love you like a fat kid loves cake!
Say 'provoking' again. Your mouth looks provocative when you do.
To me, Fearless is not the absense of fear. It's not being completely unafraid. To me, Fearless is having fears. Fearless is having doubts. Lots of them. To me, Fearless is living in spite of those things that scare you to death.
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
To burn with desire and keep quiet about it is the greatest punishment we can bring on ourselves.
If no one in the entire world cared about you, did you really exist at all?
It has been said, 'time heals all wounds.' I do not agree. The wounds remain. In time, the mind, protecting its sanity, covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens. But it is never gone.
Perhaps it's impossible to wear an identity without becoming what you pretend to be.
So it's you and a syringe against the Capitol? See, this is why no one lets you make the plans.
Stories may well be lies, but they are good lies that say true things, and which can sometimes pay the rent.
When a man is denied the right to live the life he believes in, he has no choice but to become an outlaw.
When someone is crying, of course, the noble thing to do is to comfort them. But if someone is trying to hide their tears, it may also be noble to pretend you do not notice them.
Money can't buy happiness, but it can make you awfully comfortable while you're being miserable.
Books have a unique way of stopping time in a particular moment and saying: Let’s not forget this.
I am not sure that I exist, actually. I am all the writers that I have read, all the people that I have met, all the women that I have loved; all the cities I have visited.
The thing about growing up with Fred and George,\" said Ginny thoughtfully, \"is that you sort of start thinking anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.
The one thing that doesn't abide by majority rule is a person's conscience.
Nothing is so painful to the human mind as a great and sudden change.
Forever is composed of nows.
Yeah, Quirrell was a great teacher. There was just that minor drawback of him having Lord Voldemort sticking out of the back of his head!
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.
Fantasy is escapist, and that is its glory. If a soldier is imprisioned by the enemy, don't we consider it his duty to escape?. . .If we value the freedom of mind and soul, if we're partisans of liberty, then it's our plain duty to escape, and to take as many people with us as we can!
You see things; you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say 'Why not?
Live to the point of tears.
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
I woke up thinking a very pleasant thought. There is lots left in the world to read.
It isn't possible to love and part. You will wish that it was. You can transmute love, ignore it, muddle it, but you can never pull it out of you. I know by experience that the poets are right: love is eternal.
Among other things, you'll find that you're not the first person who was ever confused and frightened and even sickened by human behavior. You're by no means alone on that score, you'll be excited and stimulated to know. Many, many men have been just as troubled morally and spiritually as you are right now. Happily, some of them kept records of their troubles. You'll learn from them—if you want to. Just as someday, if you have something to offer, someone will learn something from you. It's a beautiful reciprocal arrangement. And it isn't education. It's history. It's poetry.
And when her lips met mine, I knew that I could live to be a hundred and visit every country in the world, but nothing would ever compare to that single moment when I first kissed the girl of my dreams and knew that my love would last forever.
Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers.
All I ever wanted was to reach out and touch another human being not just with my hands but with my heart.
If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?
If she's amazing, she won't be easy. If she's easy, she won't be amazing. If she's worth it, you wont give up. If you give up, you're not worthy. ... Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.
A poem begins as a lump in the throat, a sense of wrong, a homesickness, a lovesickness.
I do things like get in a taxi and say, \"The library, and step on it.
What and how much had I lost by trying to do only what was expected of me instead of what I myself had wished to do?
All your life, you will be faced with a choice. You can choose love or hate…I choose love.
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.
Finally, from so little sleeping and so much reading, his brain dried up and he went completely out of his mind.
Be patient toward all that is unsolved in your heart and try to love the questions themselves, like locked rooms and like books that are now written in a very foreign tongue. Do not now seek the answers, which cannot be given you because you would not be able to live them. And the point is, to live everything. Live the questions now. Perhaps you will then gradually, without noticing it, live along some distant day into the answer.
They say when you are missing someone that they are probably feeling the same, but I don't think it's possible for you to miss me as much as I'm missing you right now
Remember that wherever your heart is, there you will find your treasure.
A classic is a book that has never finished saying what it has to say.
People say that life is the thing, but I prefer reading.
Reading is escape, and the opposite of escape; it's a way to make contact with reality after a day of making things up, and it's a way of making contact with someone else's imagination after a day that's all too real.
Don't you think it's better to be extremely happy for a short while, even if you lose it, than to be just okay for your whole life?
Take pride in your pain; you are stronger than those who have none
Nobody ever figures out what life is all about, and it doesn't matter. Explore the world. Nearly everything is really interesting if you go into it deeply enough.
If we wait for the moment when everything, absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin.
There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind.
It's a lot easier to be lost than found. It's the reason we're always searching and rarely discovered--so many locks not enough keys.
The very least you can do in your life is figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope. Not admire it from a distance but live right in it, under its roof.
A single dream is more powerful than a thousand realities.
Welcome to the wonderful world of jealousy, he thought. For the price of admission, you get a splitting headache, a nearly irresistable urge to commit murder, and an inferiority complex. Yippee.
Live in the present, remember the past, and fear not the future, for it doesn't exist and never shall. There is only now.
If you're losing your soul and you know it, then you've still got a soul left to lose
A book is really like a lover. It arranges itself in your life in a way that is beautiful.
The bravest people are the ones who don’t mind looking like cowards.
I realize now that dying is easy. Living is hard.
We have to allow ourselves to be loved by the people who really love us, the people who really matter. Too much of the time, we are blinded by our own pursuits of people to love us, people that don't even matter, while all that time we waste and the people who do love us have to stand on the sidewalk and watch us beg in the streets! It's time to put an end to this. It's time for us to let ourselves be loved.
You here to finish me off, Sweetheart?
You couldn't relive your life, skipping the awful parts, without losing what made it worthwhile. You had to accept it as a whole--like the world, or the person you loved.
You is kind. You is smart. You is important.
Any fool can be happy. It takes a man with real heart to make beauty out of the stuff that makes us weep.
Remember to always be yourself. Unless you suck.
If you don't like someone's story, write your own.
Isn't it odd how much fatter a book gets when you've read it several times?\" Mo had said...\"As if something were left between the pages every time you read it. Feelings, thoughts, sounds, smells...and then, when you look at the book again many years later, you find yourself there, too, a slightly younger self, slightly different, as if the book had preserved you like a pressed flower...both strange and familiar.
Happiness is the consequence of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings. And once you have achieved a state of happiness, you must never become lax about maintaining it. You must make a mighty effort to keep swimming upward into that happiness forever, to stay afloat on top of it.
Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.
There are no facts, only interpretations.
How wrong is it for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself?
It was not the feeling of completeness I so needed, but the feeling of not being empty.
Books should go where they will be most appreciated, and not sit unread, gathering dust on a forgotten shelf, don't you agree?
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
If you have two friends in your lifetime, you're lucky. If you have one good friend, you're more than lucky.
There are three types of lies -- lies, damn lies, and statistics.
I am selfish. I am brave.
We are all atheists about most of the gods that humanity has ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further.
You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm.
أحيانًا يساعدنا الآخرون بأن يكونوا فى حياتنا فحسب
The meek may inherit the earth, but at the moment it belongs to the conceited. Like me.
Life, he realize, was much like a song. In the beginning there is mystery, in the end there is confirmation, but it's in the middle where all the emotion resides to make the whole thing worthwhile.
Don't be afraid of death; be afraid of an unlived life. You don't have to live forever, you just have to live.
There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self.
Many people lose the small joys in the hope for the big happiness.
People are more difficult to work with than machines. And when you break a person, he can't be fixed.
There is no mistaking a real book when one meets it. It is like falling in love.
No woman really wants a man to carry her off; she only wants him to want to do it.
We have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down.
If I got rid of my demons, I’d lose my angels.
Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don't.
In politics, If you want anything said, ask a man. If you want anything done, ask a woman.
The only way to get through life is to laugh your way through it. You either have to laugh or cry. I prefer to laugh. Crying gives me a headache.
Atticus told me to delete the adjectives and I'd have the facts.
It's often just enough to be with someone. I don't need to touch them. Not even talk. A feeling passes between you both. You're not alone.
You must make a decision that you are going to move on. It wont happen automatically. You will have to rise up and say, ‘I don’t care how hard this is, I don’t care how disappointed I am, I’m not going to let this get the best of me. I’m moving on with my life.
I came from a real tough neighborhood. Once a guy pulled a knife on me. I knew he wasn't a professional, the knife had butter on it.
Love is not affectionate feeling, but a steady wish for the loved person's ultimate good as far as it can be obtained.
Words are easy, like the wind; Faithful friends are hard to find.
Dance, when you're broken open. Dance, if you've torn the bandage off. Dance in the middle of the fighting. Dance in your blood. Dance when you're perfectly free.
It is true that those we meet can change us, sometimes so profoundly that we are not the same afterwards, even unto our names.
I can resist anything except temptation.
Some people say, “Never let them see you cry.” I say, if you’re so mad you could just cry, then cry. It terrifies everyone.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
What is hell? I maintain that it is the suffering of being unable to love.
Never close your lips to those whom you have already opened your heart.
What are men to rocks and mountains?
Some birds are not meant to be caged, that's all. Their feathers are too bright, their songs too sweet and wild. So you let them go, or when you open the cage to feed them they somehow fly out past you. And the part of you that knows it was wrong to imprison them in the first place rejoices, but still, the place where you live is that much more drab and empty for their departure.
Love is a temporary madness, it erupts like volcanoes and then subsides. And when it subsides, you have to make a decision. You have to work out whether your roots have so entwined together that it is inconceivable that you should ever part. Because this is what love is. Love is not breathlessness, it is not excitement, it is not the promulgation of promises of eternal passion, it is not the desire to mate every second minute of the day, it is not lying awake at night imagining that he is kissing every cranny of your body. No, don't blush, I am telling you some truths. That is just being \"in love\", which any fool can do. Love itself is what is left over when being in love has burned away, and this is both an art and a fortunate accident.
Why are women... so much more interesting to men than men are to women?
No thief, however skillful, can rob one of knowledge, and that is why knowledge is the best and safest treasure to acquire.
Every generation imagines itself to be more intelligent than the one that went before it, and wiser than the one that comes after it.
Every great love starts with a great story...
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, many are strong at the broken places.
It’s probably not just by chance that I’m alone. It would be very hard for a man to live with me, unless he’s terribly strong. And if he’s stronger than I, I’m the one who can’t live with him. … I’m neither smart nor stupid, but I don’t think I’m a run-of-the-mill person. I’ve been in business without being a businesswoman, I’ve loved without being a woman made only for love. The two men I’ve loved, I think, will remember me, on earth or in heaven, because men always remember a woman who caused them concern and uneasiness. I’ve done my best, in regard to people and to life, without precepts, but with a taste for justice.
Look after my heart - I've left it with you.
A cynic is a man who knows the price of everything, and the value of nothing.
Biology gives you a brain. Life turns it into a mind.
Love is an untamed force. When we try to control it, it destroys us. When we try to imprison it, it enslaves us. When we try to understand it, it leaves us feeling lost and confused.
I knew when I met you an adventure was going to happen.
Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.
Solitude is fine but you need someone to tell that solitude is fine.
The silence depressed me. It wasn't the silence of silence. It was my own silence.
Find what you love and let it kill you.
There is a sacredness in tears....They are the messengers of overwhelming grief, of deep contrition and of unspeakable love.
And then he gives me a smile that just seems so genuinely sweet with just the right touch of shyness that unexpected warmth rushes through me.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.
In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods; they have not forgotten this.
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away.
If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished?
Our story has three parts: a beginning, a middle, and an end. And although this is the way all stories unfold, I still can't believe that ours didn't go on forever.
Today a reader, tomorrow a leader.
I've got nothing to do today but smile.
Cruelty does not make a person dishonest, the same way bravery does not make a person kind.
Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get
I can shake off everything as I write; my sorrows disappear, my courage is reborn.
Dogs never bite me. Just humans.
I'm not young enough to know everything.
We both have war inside us. Sometimes it keeps us alive. Sometimes it threatens to destroy us.
Imagine smiling after a slap in the face. Then think of doing it twenty-four hours a day.
Better to be strong than pretty and useless.
One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.
I realize only one person will be damaged beyond repair if Peeta dies. Me.
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
The world was hers for the reading.
Books say: She did this because. Life says: She did this. Books are where things are explained to you; life is where things aren't. I'm not surprised some people prefer books.
Have you ever noticed that anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac?
Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air.
I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
There is not always a good guy. Nor is there always a bad one. Most people are somewhere in between.
How did it get so late so soon?
I would like to be the air that inhabits you for a moment only. I would like to be that unnoticed and that necessary.
Don't wait for a light to appear at the end of the tunnel, stride down there and light the bloody thing yourself.
Much of my life had been devoted to trying not to cry in front of people who loved me, so I knew what Augustus was doing. You clench your teeth. You look up. You tell yourself that if they see you cry, it will hurt them, and you will be nothing but a Sadness in their lives, and you must not become a mere sadness, so you will not cry, and you say all of this to yourself while looking up at the ceiling, and then you swallow even though your throat does not want to close and you look at the person who loves you and smile.
Growing apart doesn't change the fact that for a long time we grew side by side; our roots will always be tangled. I'm glad for that.
Someday, somewhere - anywhere, unfailingly, you'll find yourself, and that, and only that, can be the happiest or bitterest hour of your life.
Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself. And that no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dreams, because every second of the search is a second's encounter with God and with eternity.
I am an excitable person who only understands life lyrically, musically, in whom feelings are much stronger as reason. I am so thirsty for the marvelous that only the marvelous has power over me. Anything I can not transform into something marvelous, I let go. Reality doesn't impress me. I only believe in intoxication, in ecstasy, and when ordinary life shackles me, I escape, one way or another. No more walls.
It's possible to go on, no matter how impossible it seems, and that in time, the grief . . . lessens. It may not go away completely, but after a while it's not so overwhelming.
You might be poor, your shoes might be broken, but your mind is a palace.
Sometimes,' said Pooh, 'the smallest things take up the most room in your heart.
There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are.
I'm quite illiterate, but I read a lot.
And so it goes...
It is my belief... that the truth is generally preferable to lies.
You speak an infinite deal of nothing.
We are cups, constantly and quietly being filled. The trick is, knowing how to tip ourselves over and let the beautiful stuff out.
The first draft of anything is shit.
When I discover who I am, I’ll be free.
War must be, while we defend our lives against a destroyer who would devour all; but I do not love the bright sword for its sharpness, nor the arrow for its swiftness, nor the warrior for his glory. I love only that which they defend.
He does something to me, that boy. Every time. It’s his only detriment. He steps on my heart. He makes me cry.
And I like large parties. They’re so intimate. At small parties there isn’t any privacy.
Maybe ever’body in the whole damn world is scared of each other.
We should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once.
You're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it.
And I thought about how many people have loved those songs. And how many people got through a lot of bad times because of those songs. And how many people enjoyed good times with those songs. And how much those songs really mean. I think it would be great to have written one of those songs. I bet if I wrote one of them, I would be very proud. I hope the people who wrote those songs are happy. I hope they feel it's enough. I really do because they've made me happy. And I'm only one person.
I wanted to tell the book thief many things, about beauty and brutality. But what could I tell her about those things that she didn't already know? I wanted to explain that I am constantly overestimating and underestimating the human race-that rarely do I ever simply estimate it. I wanted to ask her how the same thing could be so ugly and so glorious, and its words and stories so damning and brilliant.
You can't measure the mutual affection of two human beings by the number of words they exchange.
The one thing we can never get enough of is love. And the one thing we never give enough of is love.
The most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much, and forgetting that you are special too.
That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet.
It was, he thought, the difference between being dragged into the arena to face a battle to the death and walking into the arena with your head held high. Some people, perhaps, would say that there was little to choose between the two ways, but Dumbledore knew - and so do I, thought Harry, with a rush of fierce pride, and so did my parents - that there was all the difference in the world.
You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?
I wanted a perfect ending. Now I've learned, the hard way, that some poems don't rhyme, and some stories don't have a clear beginning, middle, and end.
It was books that made me feel that perhaps I was not completely alone. They could be honest with me, and I with them.
I don't want to be at the mercy of my emotions. I want to use them, to enjoy them, and to dominate them.
It is a great thing to start life with a small number of really good books which are your very own.
Sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence.
You're alive only once, as far as we know, and what could be worse than getting to the end of your life and realizing you hadn't lived it?
The unreal is more powerful than the real. Because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine it. Because its only intangible ideas, concepts, beliefs, fantasies that last. Stone crumbles. Wood rots. People, well, they die. But things as fragile as a thought, a dream, a legend, they can go on and on. If you can change the way people think. The way they see themselves. The way they see the world. You can change the way people live their lives. That's the only lasting thing you can create.
‎Though nobody can go back and make a new beginning... Anyone can start over and make a new ending.
Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect.
Time is a drug. Too much of it kills you.
Every man I meet wants to protect me. I can't figure out what from.
Before you, Bella, my life was like a moonless night. Very dark, but there were stars, points of light and reason. ...And then you shot across my sky like a meteor. Suddenly everything was on fire; there was brilliancy, there was beauty. When you were gone, when the meteor had fallen over the horizon, everything went black. Nothing had changed, but my eyes were blinded by the light. I couldn’t see the stars anymore. And there was no more reason, for anything.
In life, unlike chess, the game continues after checkmate.
You need to learn how to select your thoughts just the same way you select your clothes every day. This is a power you can cultivate. If you want to control things in your life so bad, work on the mind. That's the only thing you should be trying to control.
Yes, frosting. The final defense of the dying.
Sometimes when I'm talking, my words can't keep up with my thoughts. I wonder why we think faster than we speak. Probably so we can think twice.
Have enough courage to trust love one more time and always one more time.
And that's the thing about people who mean everything they say. They think everyone else does too.
‎Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.
I regret that it takes a life to learn how to live.
If I'd observed all the rules I'd never have got anywhere.
I dream my painting and I paint my dream.
Did you know that for pretty much the entire history of the human species, the average life span was less than thirty years? You could count on ten years or so of real adulthood, right? There was no planning for retirement, There was no planning for a career. There was no planning. No time for plannning. No time for a future. But then the life spans started getting longer, and people started having more and more future. And now life has become the future. Every moment of your life is lived for the future--you go to high school so you can go to college so you can get a good job so you can get a nice house so you can afford to send your kids to college so they can get a good job so they can get a nice house so they can afford to send their kids to college.
They’re not hideous,
Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity or registering wrongs.
If you want to tell people the truth, make them laugh, otherwise they'll kill you.
Even if you are on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.
To define is to limit.
Any fool knows men and women think differently at times, but the biggest difference is this. Men forget, but never forgive; women forgive, but never forget.
And so with the sunshine and the great bursts of leaves growing on the trees, just as things grow in fast movies, I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer.
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.
Even death has a heart.
He was my mum and dad's best friend. He's a convicted murderer, but he's broken out of wizard prison and he's on the run. He likes to keep in touch with me, though...keep up with my news...check if I'm happy...
Do you wish me a good morning, or mean that it is a good morning whether I want it or not; or that you feel good this morning; or that it is a morning to be good on?
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
People can lose their lives in libraries. They ought to be warned.
If you want to be a writer, you must do two things above all others: read a lot and write a lot.
We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special.
You realize that our mistrust of the future makes it hard to give up the past.
Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.
I dream. Sometimes I think that's the only right thing to do.
You gave me a forever within the numbered days, and I'm grateful.
I cannot sleep unless I am surrounded by books.
All you have to do is write one true sentence. Write the truest sentence that you know.
Of all the trees we could've hit, we had to get one that hits back.
Whatever the cost of our libraries, the price is cheap compared to that of an ignorant nation.
Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.
I didn’t need you, you idiot. I picked you. And then you picked me back.
Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery.
Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours.
A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.
Every now and then I like to do as I'm told, just to confuse people.
All the secrets of the world are contained in books. Read at your own risk.
The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe. If you try it, you will be lonely often, and sometimes frightened. But no price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself.
It's discouraging to think how many people are shocked by honesty and how few by deceit.
Never give up...No one knows what's going to happen next.
You think your pain and your heartbreak are unprecedented in the history of the world, but then you read.
If you don't know, the thing to do is not to get scared, but to learn.
From the moment I picked up your book until I put it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.
No matter how much suffering you went through, you never wanted to let go of those memories.
Letting go doesn't mean that you don't care about someone anymore. It's just realizing that the only person you really have control over is yourself.
I stood still, vision blurring, and in that moment, I heard my heart break. It was a small, clean sound, like the snapping of a flower's stem.
The capacity for friendship is God's way of apologizing for our families.
If you ask me what I came to do in this world, I, an artist, will answer you: I am here to live out loud.
Success makes so many people hate you. I wish it wasn't that way. It would be wonderful to enjoy success without seeing envy in the eyes of those around you.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
If things start happening, don't worry, don't stew, just go right along and you'll start happening too.
It's amazing how a little tomorrow can make up for a whole lot of yesterday.
There is a stubbornness about me that never can bear to be frightened at the will of others. My courage always rises at every attempt to intimidate me.
A learning experience is one of those things that says, 'You know that thing you just did? Don't do that.
The best portion of a good man's life: his little, nameless unremembered acts of kindness and love.
Books are the carriers of civilization...They are companions, teachers, magicians, bankers of the treasures of the mind. Books are humanity in print.
Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one.
You never know what worse luck your bad luck has saved you from.
Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
It's all in the view. That's what I mean about forever, too. For any one of us our forever could end in an hour, or a hundred years from now. You never know for sure, so you'd better make every second count.
Don't Gain The World & Lose Your Soul, Wisdom Is Better Than Silver Or Gold.
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.
It is not that I'm so smart. But I stay with the questions much longer.
If you want to really hurt you parents, and you don't have the nerve to be gay, the least you can do is go into the arts. I'm not kidding. The arts are not a way to make a living. They are a very human way of making life more bearable. Practicing an art, no matter how well or badly, is a way to make your soul grow, for heaven's sake. Sing in the shower. Dance to the radio. Tell stories. Write a poem to a friend, even a lousy poem. Do it as well as you possible can. You will get an enormous reward. You will have created something.
I'm tough, I'm ambitious, and I know exactly what I want. If that makes me a bitch, okay.
Keep in mind that people change, but the past doesn't.
You should never be surprised when someone treats you with respect, you should expect it.
Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.
One day you will kiss a man you can't breathe without, and find that breath is of little consequence.
People worry about kids playing with guns, and teenagers watching violent videos; we are scared that some sort of culture of violence will take them over. Nobody worries about kids listening to thousands - literally thousands - of songs about broken hearts and rejection and pain and misery and loss.
Don't feel sorry for yourself. Only assholes do that.
I don't know that love changes. People change. Circumstances change.
One can never have enough socks,\" said Dumbledore. \"Another Christmas has come and gone and I didn't get a single pair. People will insist on giving me books.
When I was a boy of 14, my father was so ignorant I could hardly stand to have the old man around. But when I got to be 21, I was astonished at how much the old man had learned in seven years.
Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.
I felt my lungs inflate with the onrush of scenery—air, mountains, trees, people. I thought, \"This is what it is to be happy.
A writer is someone for whom writing is more difficult than it is for other people.
I'll just have them change the entry in the demonology textbook from 'almost extinct' to 'not extinct enough for Alec. He prefers his monsters really, really extinct.' Will that make you happy?
So please, oh please, we beg, we pray, go throw your TV set away, and in its place you can install, a lovely bookshelf on the wall.
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and man.
Never say 'no' to adventures. Always say 'yes,' otherwise you'll lead a very dull life.
I'm saying that I'm a moody, insecure, narrow-minded, jealous, borderline homicidal bitch, and I want you to promise me that you're okay with that, because it's who I am, and you're what I need.
There are darknesses in life and there are lights, and you are one of the lights, the light of all lights.
America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves.
There are so many fragile things, after all. People break so easily, and so do dreams and hearts.
What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make.
That's why they call it the American Dream, because you have to be asleep to believe it.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, but only saps today of its strength.
Lighthouses don’t go running all over an island looking for boats to save; they just stand there shining.
Don't be so humble - you are not that great.
Silence make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying, but the never needing to say that counts.
It wouldn't be my move,\" Jace agreed. \"First the candy and flowers, then the apology letters, then the ravenous demon hordes. In that order.
My imagination functions much better when I don't have to speak to people.
Once you had put the pieces back together, even though you may look intact, you were never quite the same as you'd been before the fall.
Be clearly aware of the stars and infinity on high. Then life seems almost enchanted after all.
Then I realize what it is. It's him. Something about him makes me feel like I am about to fall. Or turn to liquid. Or burst into flames.
When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy.
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
Many a book is like a key to unknown chambers within the castle of one’s own self.
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
Promise me you'll never forget me because if I thought you would, I'd never leave.
I've found that there is always some beauty left -- in nature, sunshine, freedom, in yourself; these can all help you.
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.
We take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude.
If you ever find yourself in the wrong story, leave.
I think there's just one kind of folks. Folks.
Don't be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Confront the dark parts of yourself, and work to banish them with illumination and forgiveness. Your willingness to wrestle with your demons will cause your angels to sing.
The best moments in reading are when you come across something – a thought, a feeling, a way of looking at things – which you had thought special and particular to you. Now here it is, set down by someone else, a person you have never met, someone even who is long dead. And it is as if a hand has come out and taken yours.
Real loneliness is not necessarily limited to when you are alone.
That's why when major badasses greet each other in movies, they don't say anything, they just nod. The nod means, 'I' am a badass, and I recognize that you, too, are a badass,' but they don't say anything because they're Wolverine and Magneto and it would mess up their vibe to explain.
Anyone who falls in love is searching for the missing pieces of themselves. So anyone who's in love gets sad when they think of their lover. It's like stepping back inside a room you have fond memories of, one you haven't seen in a long time.
What makes the desert beautiful,' said the little prince, 'is that somewhere it hides a well...
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens
I nodded, looking at Rachel with respect. \"You hit the Lord of the Titans in the eye with a blue plastic hairbrush.
There is greatness in doing something you hate for the sake of someone you love.
أحسد الأطفال الرضّع، لأنهم يملكون وحدهم حق الصراخ والقدرة عليه، قبل أن تروض الحياة حبالهم الصوتية، وتعلِّمهم الصمت
Happiness [is] only real when shared
To say goodbye is to die a little.
I cannot remember the books I've read any more than the meals I have eaten; even so, they have made me.
Art and love are the same thing: It’s the process of seeing yourself in things that are not you.
The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.
Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness.
She read books as one would breathe air, to fill up and live.
Let's think the unthinkable, let's do the undoable. Let us prepare to grapple with the ineffable itself, and see if we may not eff it after all.
I'm sure the universe is full of intelligent life. It's just been too intelligent to come here.
You know what charm is: a way of getting the answer yes without having asked any clear question.
The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
You will find that it is necessary to let things go; simply for the reason that they are heavy. So let them go, let go of them. I tie no weights to my ankles.
You have to know what you stand for, not just what you stand against.
Wherever you go becomes a part of you somehow.
Crying is all right in its way while it lasts. But you have to stop sooner or later, and then you still have to decide what to do.
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
The beginning of love is the will to let those we love be perfectly themselves, the resolution not to twist them to fit our own image. If in loving them we do not love what they are, but only their potential likeness to ourselves, then we do not love them: we only love the reflection of ourselves we find in them
No one knows for certain how much impact they have on the lives of other people. Oftentimes, we have no clue. Yet we push it just the same.
I want to grow old without facelifts. I want to have the courage to be loyal to the face I have made.
Life isn't finding shelter in the storm. It's about learning to dance in the rain.
And he took her in his arms and kissed her under the sunlit sky, and he cared not that they stood high upon the walls in the sight of many.
My Best Friend is a person who will give me a book I have not read.
But it is the nature of stars to cross, and never was Shakespeare more wrong than when he has Cassius note, ‘The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars \/ But in ourselves.
I was wise enough never to grow up, while fooling people into believing I had.
If you treat an individual as he is, he will remain how he is. But if you treat him as if he were what he ought to be and could be, he will become what he ought to be and could be.
There are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts.
An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field.
He smiled understandingly-much more than understandingly. It was one of those rare smiles with a quality of eternal reassurance in it, that you may come across four or five times in life. It faced--or seemed to face--the whole eternal world for an instant, and then concentrated on you with an irresistible prejudice in your favor. It understood you just as far as you wanted to be understood, believed in you as you would like to believe in yourself, and assured you that it had precisely the impression of you that, at your best, you hoped to convey.
I suppose a fire that burns that bright is not meant to last.
و كلما أمسكت بحالة من حالاتي و قلت هذا هو أنا .. ما تلبث هذه الحالة أن تفلت من أصابعي و تحل محلها حالة أخرى .. هي أنا .. أيضاً..
Winter is coming.
!لك شيء في هذا العالم.. فقم
If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
Politeness is deception in pretty packaging.
A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us.
She refused to be bored chiefly because she wasn't boring.
I am constantly torn between killing myself and killing everyone around me.
I could not tell you if I loved you the first moment I saw you, or if it was the second or third or fourth. But I remember the first moment I looked at you walking toward me and realized that somehow the rest of the world seemed to vanish when I was with you.
Without suffering, there'd be no compassion.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.
I am different, not less.
أتمنى أن أبكي و أرتجف , التصق بواحد من الكبار , لكن الحقيقة القاسية هي أنك الكبار! .. أنت من يجب أن يمنح القوة و الأمن للآخرين!
The creative adult is the child who has survived.
I am a cage, in search of a bird.
If you love what you do and are willing to do what it takes, it's within your reach. And it'll be worth every minute you spend alone at night, thinking and thinking about what it is you want to design or build. It'll be worth it, I promise.
Science and religion are not at odds. Science is simply too young to understand.
Always do what is right. It will gratify half of mankind and astound the other.
One ought, every day at least, to hear a little song, read a good poem, see a fine picture, and, if it were possible, to speak a few reasonable words.
Don't feel bad, I'm usually about to die.
So many things are possible just as long as you don't know they're impossible.
From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere!
Where there is love, there is often also hate. They can exist side by side.
There is more to sex appeal than just measurements. I don't need a bedroom to prove my womanliness. I can convey just as much sex appeal, picking apples off a tree or standing in the rain.
Beware; for I am fearless, and therefore powerful.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.
The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries, or the way she combs her hair. The beauty of a woman is seen in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides. True beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul. It's the caring that she lovingly gives, the passion that she shows & the beauty of a woman only grows with passing years.
I wasn't actually in love, but I felt a sort of tender curiosity.
Trust is like a mirror, you can fix it if it's broken, but you can still see the crack in that mother fucker's reflection.
There ain't no sin and there ain't no virtue. There's just stuff people do.
In a way, it's nice to know that there are Greek gods out there, because you have somebody to blame when things go wrong. For instance, when you're walking away from a bus that's just been attacked by monster hags and blown up by lightning, and it's raining on top of everything else, most people might think that's just really bad luck; when you're a half-blood, you understand that some devine force is really trying to mess up your day.
All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does, and that is his.
She says nothing at all, but simply stares upward into the dark sky and watches, with sad eyes, the slow dance of the infinite stars.
I think the reward for conformity is that everyone likes you except yourself.
I've been homesick for countries I've never been, and longed to be where I couldn't be.
We can never judge the lives of others, because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation. It's one thing to feel that you are on the right path, but it's another to think that yours is the only path.
Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!
There are years that ask questions and years that answer.
Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day.
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.
Ah, my daughter,ʺ he said. ʺEighteen, and already youʹve been accused of murder, aided felons, and acquired a death count higher than most guardians will ever see.ʺ He paused. ʺI couldnʹt be prouder.
Open your heart. Someone will come. Someone will come for you. But first you must open your heart.
One thing you can't hide - is when you're crippled inside.
Because you can't argue with all the fools in the world. It's easier to let them have their way, then trick them when they're not paying attention.
Our mothers always remain the strangest, craziest people we've ever met.
What is that you express in your eyes? It seems to me more than all the print I have read in my life.
Is it so bad, then, to be misunderstood? Pythagoras was misunderstood, and Socrates, and Jesus, and Luther, and Copernicus, and Galileo, and Newton, and every pure and wise spirit that ever took flesh. To be great is to be misunderstood.
And thus the heart will break, yet brokenly live on.
A good book is an event in my life.
If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informed.
Love is the absence of judgment.
He was going to live forever, or die in the attempt.
The important thing to you is not how many years in your life, but how much life in your years!
When I had nothing to lose, I had everything. When I stopped being who I am, I found myself.
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection
The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.
We've got to live, no matter how many skies have fallen.
The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
You will lose someone you can’t live without,and your heart will be badly broken, and the bad news is that you never completely get over the loss of your beloved. But this is also the good news. They live forever in your broken heart that doesn’t seal back up. And you come through. It’s like having a broken leg that never heals perfectly—that still hurts when the weather gets cold, but you learn to dance with the limp.
The beginning of love is the will to let those we love be perfectly themselves, the resolution not to twist them to fit our own image.
Stay gold, Ponyboy, stay gold.
Don’t try to make life a mathematics problem with yourself in the center and everything coming out equal. When you’re good, bad things can still happen. And if you’re bad, you can still be lucky.
Ah! There is nothing like staying at home, for real comfort.
The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease for ever to be able to do it.
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
When I was a child, adults would tell me not to make things up, warning me of what would happen if I did. As far as I can tell so far, it seems to involve lots of foreign travel and not having to get up too early in the morning.
Beautiful face. Beautiful body. Horrible attitude. It was the holy trinity of hot boys.
The past has no power over the present moment.
Fools talk, cowards are silent, wise men listen.
Did you ever think that in a past life Alec was an old woman with ninety cats who was always yelling at the neighborhood kids to get off her lawn? Because I do,
Creativity is intelligence having fun.
Try a little harder to be a little better.
We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
Would it save you a lot of time if I just gave up and went mad now?
I am trying here to prevent anyone saying the really foolish thing that people often say about Him: I’m ready to accept Jesus as a great moral teacher, but I don’t accept his claim to be God. That is the one thing we must not say. A man who was merely a man and said the sort of things Jesus said would not be a great moral teacher. He would either be a lunatic — on the level with the man who says he is a poached egg — or else he would be the Devil of Hell. You must make your choice. Either this man was, and is, the Son of God, or else a madman or something worse. You can shut him up for a fool, you can spit at him and kill him as a demon or you can fall at his feet and call him Lord and God, but let us not come with any patronizing nonsense about his being a great human teacher. He has not left that open to us. He did not intend to.
What's the good of living if you don't try a few things?
It is forbidden to kill; therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets.
I loved you like a man loves a woman he never touches, only writes to, keeps little photographs of.
The saddest people I've ever met in life are the ones who don't care deeply about anything at all. Passion and satisfaction go hand in hand, and without them, any happiness is only temporary, because there's nothing to make it last.
When did we see each other face-to-face? Not until you saw into my cracks and I saw into yours. Before that, we were just looking at ideas of each other, like looking at your window shade but never seeing inside. But once the vessel cracks, the light can get in. The light can get out.
If conversation was the lyrics, laughter was the music, making time spent together a melody that could be replayed over and over without getting stale.
What she was finding also was how one book led to another, doors kept opening wherever she turned and the days weren't long enough for the reading she wanted to do.
If I had a world of my own, everything would be nonsense. Nothing would be what it is, because everything would be what it isn't. And contrary wise, what is, it wouldn't be. And what it wouldn't be, it would. You see?
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
Suffering has been stronger than all other teaching, and has taught me to understand what your heart used to be. I have been bent and broken, but - I hope - into a better shape.
My tongue will tell the anger of my heart, or else my heart concealing it will break.
So many things become beautiful when you really look.
The pleasure of all reading is doubled when one lives with another who shares the same books.
Reputation is what other people know about you. Honor is what you know about yourself.
Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian.
Tears shed for another person are not a sign of weakness. They are a sign of a pure heart.
Honestly, if you were any slower, you’d be going backward.
You want to know about anybody? See what books they read, and how they've been read...
you can, you should, and if you’re brave enough to start, you will.
A child can teach an adult three things: to be happy for no reason, to always be busy with something, and to know how to demand with all his might that which he desires.
No persons are more frequently wrong, than those who will not admit they are wrong.
All alone! Whether you like it or not, alone is something you'll be quite a lot!
Here is a lesson in creative writing. First rule: Do not use semicolons. They are transvestite hermaphrodites representing absolutely nothing. All they do is show you've been to college.
Time is the coin of your life. You spend it. Do not allow others to spend it for you.
A diary with no drawings of me in it? Where are the torrid fantasies? The romance covers?
When people don't express themselves, they die one piece at a time.
There is no place like home.
She leaned down and looked at his lifeless face and Leisel kissed her best friend, Rudy Steiner, soft and true on his lips. He tasted dusty and sweet. He tasted like regret in the shadows of trees and in the glow of the anarchist's suit collection. She kissed him long and soft, and when she pulled herself away, she touched his mouth with her fingers...She did not say goodbye. She was incapable, and after a few more minutes at his side, she was able to tear herself from the ground. It amazes me what humans can do, even when streams are flowing down their faces and they stagger on...
Every time you are tempted to react in the same old way, ask if you want to be a prisoner of the past or a pioneer of the future.
You only get one life. It's actually your duty to live it as fully as possible.
God can't give us peace and happiness apart from Himself because there is no such thing.
I like to see people reunited, I like to see people run to each other, I like the kissing and the crying, I like the impatience, the stories that the mouth can't tell fast enough, the ears that aren't big enough, the eyes that can't take in all of the change, I like the hugging, the bringing together, the end of missing someone.
I could easily forgive his pride, if he had not mortified mine.
Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts. Broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth all one's lifetime.
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.
There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.
The trouble is not in dying for a friend, but in finding a friend worth dying for.
I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life.
If you would tell me the heart of a man, tell me not what he reads, but what he rereads.
Give her hell from us, Peeves.
May the odds be ever in your favor!
I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time.
He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.
You shall know the truth and the truth shall make you mad.
Somewhere over the rainbow, skies are blue, and the dreams that you dare to dream really do come true.
There is no exquisite beauty… without some strangeness in the proportion.
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it.
I have come to accept the feeling of not knowing where I am going. And I have trained myself to love it. Because it is only when we are suspended in mid-air with no landing in sight, that we force our wings to unravel and alas begin our flight. And as we fly, we still may not know where we are going to. But the miracle is in the unfolding of the wings. You may not know where you're going, but you know that so long as you spread your wings, the winds will carry you.
There's things that happen in a person's life that are so scorched in the memory and burned into the heart that there's no forgetting them.
The world is a dangerous place to live, not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it.
I always channel my emotions into my work. That way, I don't hurt anyone but myself.
Books are not made to be believed, but to be subjected to inquiry. When we consider a book, we mustn't ask ourselves what it says but what it means...
Don't compromise yourself - you're all you have.
In time, the hurt began to fade and it was easier to just let it go. At least I thought it was. But in every boy I met in the next few years, I found myself looking for you, and when the feelings got too strong, I'd write you another letter. But I never sent them for fear of what I might find. By then, you'd gone on with your life and I didn't want to think about you loving someone else. I wanted to remember us like we were that summer. I didn't ever want to lose that.
No matter what he does, every person on earth plays a central role in the history of the world. And normally he doesn't know it.
Hello babies. Welcome to Earth. It's hot in the summer and cold in the winter. It's round and wet and crowded. On the outside, babies, you've got a hundred years here. There's only one rule that I know of, babies-\"God damn it, you've got to be kind.
Did you know that 'I told you so' has a brother,Jacob?\" she asked cutting me off. \"His name is 'Shut the hell up'.
Though she be but little, she is fierce!
Youth can not know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if they forget what it was to be young.
I wrote the story myself. It's about a girl who lost her reputation and never missed it.
She had always wanted words, she loved them; grew up on them. Words gave her clarity, brought reason, shape.
There was another life that I might have had, but I am having this one.
When I was about eight, I decided that the most wonderful thing, next to a human being, was a book.
The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.
The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you.
I believe a strong woman may be stronger than a man, particularly if she happens to have love in her heart. I guess a loving woman is indestructible.
No book can be appreciated until it has been slept with and dreamed over.
Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart.
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.
Quotation is a serviceable substitute for wit.
There is only one page left to write on. I will fill it with words of only one syllable. I love. I have loved. I will love.
When you laugh, laugh like hell. And when you get angry, get good and angry. Try to be alive. You will be dead soon enough.
Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn't before! What if Christmas, he thought, doesn't come from a store. What if Christmas...perhaps...means a little bit more!
We didn't talk about anything heavy or light. We were just there together. And that was enough
Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
I fell in love with him. But I don't just stay with him by default as if there's no one else available to me. I stay with him because I choose to, every day that I wake up, every day that we fight or lie to each other or disappoint each other. I choose him over and over again, and he chooses me.
Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
let me live, love, and say it well in good sentences
I lived in books more than I lived anywhere else.
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.
Truth only means something when it's hard to admit.
Words are pale shadows of forgotten names. As names have power, words have power. Words can light fires in the minds of men. Words can wring tears from the hardest hearts.
In a time of destruction, create something.
Atheism turns out to be too simple. If the whole universe has no meaning, we should never have found out that it has no meaning...
I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived. I did not wish to live what was not life, living is so dear; nor did I wish to practise resignation, unless it was quite necessary. I wanted to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life, to live so sturdily and Spartan-like as to put to rout all that was not life, to cut a broad swath and shave close, to drive life into a corner, and reduce it to its lowest terms...
Every one of us is, in the cosmic perspective, precious. If a human disagrees with you, let him live. In a hundred billion galaxies, you will not find another.
Remember, darkness does not always equate to evil, just as light does not always bring good.
Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars.
Nothing in the world is ever completely wrong. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Anyway, I keep picturing all these little kids playing some game in this big field of rye and all. Thousands of little kids, and nobody's around - nobody big, I mean - except me. And I'm standing on the edge of some crazy cliff. What I have to do, I have to catch everybody if they start to go over the cliff - I mean if they're running and they don't look where they're going I have to come out from somewhere and catch them. That's all I do all day. I'd just be the catcher in the rye and all. I know it's crazy, but that's the only thing I'd really like to be.
I have absolutely no pleasure in the stimulants in which I sometimes so madly indulge. It has not been in the pursuit of pleasure that I have periled life and reputation and reason. It has been the desperate attempt to escape from torturing memories, from a sense of insupportable loneliness and a dread of some strange impending doom.
Pain insists upon being attended to. God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our consciences, but shouts in our pains. It is his megaphone to rouse a deaf world.
Ask not what you can do for your country. Ask what’s for lunch.
Whatever you're meant to do, do it now. The conditions are always impossible.
My soul will find yours.
It is absurd to divide people into good and bad. People are either charming or tedious.
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.
A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving.
I've got the guts to die. What I want to know is, have you got the guts to live?
Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart.
One of the advantages of being disorganized is that one is always having surprising discoveries.
Dreams do come true, if only we wish hard enough. You can have anything in life if you will sacrifice everything else for it.
Happiness is holding someone in your arms and knowing you hold the whole world.
Reading brings us unknown friends
They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.
A word to the wise ain't necessary, it's the stupid ones who need advice.
When you find your path, you must not be afraid. You need to have sufficient courage to make mistakes. Disappointment, defeat, and despair are the tools God uses to show us the way.
Most books on witchcraft will tell you that witches work naked. This is because most books on witchcraft were written by men.
Great minds are always feared by lesser minds.
And when at last you find someone to whom you feel you can pour out your soul, you stop in shock at the words you utter— they are so rusty, so ugly, so meaningless and feeble from being kept in the small cramped dark inside you so long.
He was gone, and I did not have time to tell him what I had just now realized: that I forgave him, and that she forgave us, and that we had to forgive to survive in the labyrinth. There were so many of us who would have to live with things done and things left undone that day. Things that did not go right, things that seemed okay at the time because we could not see the future. If only we could see the endless string of consequences that result from our smallest actions. But we can’t know better until knowing better is useless. And as I walked back to give Takumi’s note to the Colonel, I saw that I would never know. I would never know her well enough to know her thoughts in those last minutes, would never know if she left us on purpose. But the not-knowing would not keep me from caring, and I would always love Alaska Young, my crooked neighbor, with all my crooked heart.
You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
Who in the world am I? Ah, that's the great puzzle.
Compassion is the basis of morality.
A book lying idle on a shelf is wasted ammunition.
I meant what I said and I said what I meant. An elephant's faithful one-hundred percent!
A house without books is like a room without windows.
I haven't been everywhere, but it's on my list.
Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness.
Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours.
It was a mistake,\" you said. But the cruel thing was, it felt like the mistake was mine, for trusting you.
Let me give you a piece of advice. The handsome young fellow who's trying to rescue you from a hideous fate is never wrong. Not even if he says the sky is purple and made of hedgehogs.
It is a good rule after reading a new book, never to allow yourself another new one till you have read an old one in between.
People who deny the existence of dragons are often eaten by dragons. From within.
Maybe there is a beast… maybe it's only us.
A girl should be two things: who and what she wants.
Let us learn to show our friendship for a man when he is alive and not after he is dead.
Is it possible for home to be a person and not a place?
We are all alone, born alone, die alone, and—in spite of True Romance magazines—we shall all someday look back on our lives and see that, in spite of our company, we were alone the whole way. I do not say lonely—at least, not all the time—but essentially, and finally, alone. This is what makes your self-respect so important, and I don't see how you can respect yourself if you must look in the hearts and minds of others for your happiness.
It's funny how humans can wrap their mind around things and fit them into their version of reality.
The only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it.
People come, people go – they’ll drift in and out of your life, almost like characters in a favorite book. When you finally close the cover, the characters have told their story and you start up again with another book, complete with new characters and adventures. Then you find yourself focusing on the new ones, not the ones from the past.
Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.
The only thing better than imagining Dimitri carrying me in his arms was imagining him shirtless while carrying me in his arms.
Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
I'm on Aslan's side even if there isn't any Aslan to lead it. I'm going to live as like a Narnian as I can even if there isn't any Narnia.
A half-read book is a half-finished love affair.
If you're lonely when you're alone, you're in bad company.
Whenever you read a cancer booklet or website or whatever, they always list depression among the side effects of cancer. But, in fact, depression is not a side effect of cancer. Depression is a side effect of dying.
Tact is the ability to tell someone to go to hell in such a way that they look forward to the trip.
The world is indeed comic, but the joke is on mankind.
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear.
Even the strongest and bravest must sometimes weep. It shows they have a great heart, one that can feel compassion for others.
Scared is what you're feeling. Brave is what you're doing.
People change and forget to tell each other.
Sometimes beautiful things come into our lives out of nowhere. We can't always understand them, but we have to trust in them. I know you want to question everything, but sometimes it pays to just have a little faith.
Let our scars fall in love.
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and to have her nonsense respected.
But who can say what's best? That's why you need to grab whatever chance you have of happiness where you find it, and not worry about other people too much. My experience tells me that we get no more than two or three such chances in a life time, and if we let them go, we regret it for the rest of our lives.
A snowball in the face is surely the perfect beginning to a lasting friendship.
Make your mistakes, take your chances, look silly, but keep on going. Don’t freeze up.
The pleasure of remembering had been taken from me, because there was no longer anyone to remember with. It felt like losing your co-rememberer meant losing the memory itself, as if the things we'd done were less real and important than they had been hours before.
Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody.
being alone never felt right. sometimes it felt good, but it never felt right.
Adults are just obsolete children and the hell with them.
Sometimes you read a book so special that you want to carry it around with you for months after you've finished just to stay near it.
If people refuse to look at you in a new light and they can only see you for what you were, only see you for the mistakes you've made, if they don't realize that you are not your mistakes, then they have to go.
Remember if people talk behind your back, it only means you are two steps ahead.
I must have loved you a lot.
For what it’s worth: it’s never too late or, in my case, too early to be whoever you want to be. There’s no time limit, stop whenever you want. You can change or stay the same, there are no rules to this thing. We can make the best or the worst of it. I hope you make the best of it. And I hope you see things that startle you. I hope you feel things you never felt before. I hope you meet people with a different point of view. I hope you live a life you’re proud of. If you find that you’re not, I hope you have the courage to start all over again.
When I get lonely these days, I think: So BE lonely, Liz. Learn your way around loneliness. Make a map of it. Sit with it, for once in your life. Welcome to the human experience. But never again use another person's body or emotions as a scratching post for your own unfulfilled yearnings.
I love books, by the way, way more than movies. Movies tell you what to think. A good book lets you choose a few thoughts for yourself. Movies show you the pink house. A good book tells you there's a pink house and lets you paint some of the finishing touches, maybe choose the roof style,park your own car out front. My imagination has always topped anything a movie could come up with. Case in point, those darned Harry Potter movies. That was so not what that part-Veela-chick, Fleur Delacour, looked like.
I like flaws. I think they make things interesting.
I drink to make other people more interesting.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of dreams.
This is what you shall do; Love the earth and sun and the animals, despise riches, give alms to every one that asks, stand up for the stupid and crazy, devote your income and labor to others, hate tyrants, argue not concerning God, have patience and indulgence toward the people, take off your hat to nothing known or unknown or to any man or number of men, go freely with powerful uneducated persons and with the young and with the mothers of families, read these leaves in the open air every season of every year of your life, re-examine all you have been told at school or church or in any book, dismiss whatever insults your own soul, and your very flesh shall be a great poem and have the richest fluency not only in its words but in the silent lines of its lips and face and between the lashes of your eyes and in every motion and joint of your body.
But in the end one needs more courage to live than to kill himself.
Good books tell the truth, even when they're about things that never have been and never will be. They're truthful in a different way.
It's no good pretending that any relationship has a future if your record collections disagree violently or if your favorite films wouldn't even speak to each other if they met at a party.
Happiness consists in getting enough sleep. Just that, nothing more.
Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them; that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like.
You wanna fly, you got to give up the shit that weighs you down.
Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts.
Youth is happy because it has the capacity to see beauty. Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.
A man who procrastinates in his choosing will inevitably have his choice made for him by circumstance.
And I guess I realized at that moment that I really did love her. Because there was nothing to gain, and that didn't matter.
Tomorrow may be hell, but today was a good writing day, and on the good writing days nothing else matters.
If you end up with a boring miserable life because you listened to your mom, your dad, your teacher, your priest, or some guy on television telling you how to do your shit, then you deserve it.
A childhood without books – that would be no childhood. That would be like being shut out from the enchanted place where you can go and find the rarest kind of joy.
If there's a single lesson that life teaches us, it's that wishing doesn't make it so.
Faith is not the belief that God will do what you want. It is the belief that God will do what is right.
The only real prison is fear, and the only real freedom is freedom from fear
It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to.
It is thanks to my evening reading alone that I am still more or less sane.
Stories can conquer fear, you know. They can make the heart bigger.
Families are messy. Immortal families are eternally messy. Sometimes the best we can do is to remind each other that we're related for better or for worse...and try to keep the maiming and killing to a minimum.
There must be those among whom we can sit down and weep and still be counted as warriors.
Children must be taught how to think, not what to think.
Peeta, how come I never know when you're having a nightmare?
It is never too late to be wise.
You can have it all. Just not all at once.
It's been my experience that you can nearly always enjoy things if you make up your mind firmly that you will.
إن المرأة تحب رجلها ليس لأنه أقوى الرجال، و لا أوسمهم، و لا أغناهم، بل لأنه هو.. بضعفه و قوته.. و الحب ليس إستعراض قوة لكنه طاقة عطاء دافئة مستمرة
I know I am but summer to your heart, and not the full four seasons of the year.
Older men declare war. But it is youth that must fight and die.
It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
If we couldn't laugh we would all go insane.
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to.
Did you see that dress?” \"I saw the dress.” \"Did you like it?” He didn't answer. I took that as a yes. \"Am I going to endanger my reputation if I wear it to the dance?” When he spoke, I could barely hear him. \"You'll endanger the school.” I smiled and fell asleep.
Who, being loved, is poor?
I'm sick of just liking people. I wish to God I could meet somebody I could respect.
The best books... are those that tell you what you know already.
The library is inhabited by spirits that come out of the pages at night.
I had already found that it was not good to be alone, and so made companionship with what there was around me, sometimes with the universe and sometimes with my own insignificant self; but my books were always my friends, let fail all else.
Animals are my friends...and I don't eat my friends.
It must require bravery to be honest all the time.
Lost love is still love. It takes a different form, that's all. You can't see their smile or bring them food or tousle their hair or move them around a dance floor. But when those senses weaken another heightens. Memory. Memory becomes your partner. You nurture it. You hold it. You dance with it.
Confidence is ignorance. If you're feeling cocky, it's because there's something you don't know.
You like someone who can't like you back because unrequited love can be survived in a way that once-requited love cannot.
When the heart speaks, the mind finds it indecent to object.
The scar had not pained Harry for nineteen years. All was well.
All great and precious things are lonely.
We do not grow absolutely, chronologically. We grow sometimes in one dimension, and not in another; unevenly. We grow partially. We are relative. We are mature in one realm, childish in another. The past, present, and future mingle and pull us backward, forward, or fix us in the present. We are made up of layers, cells, constellations.
Have you really read all those books in your room?
It's not always necessary to be strong, but to feel strong.
My soul is from elsewhere, I'm sure of that, and I intend to end up there.
The future is now. It's time to grow up and be strong. Tomorrow may well be too late.
People shouldn't be afraid of their government. Governments should be afraid of their people.
I don't like people who have never fallen or stumbled. Their virtue is lifeless and it isn't of much value. Life hasn't revealed its beauty to them.
Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom.
The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected. Maybe they always have been and will be. Maybe we've lived a thousand lives before this one and in each of them we've found each other. And maybe each time, we've been forced apart for the same reasons. That means that this goodbye is both a goodbye for the past ten thousand years and a prelude to what will come.
الكراهية تكلف أكثر من الحب.. لأنها إحساس غير طبيعي.. إحساس عكسي مثل حركة الأجسام ضد جاذبية الأرض.. تحتاج إلى قوة إضافية وتستهلك وقوداً أكثر
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't after you.
Anyone can hide. Facing up to things, working through them, that's what makes you strong.
It is a curious thing, Harry, but perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it. Those who, like you, have leadership thrust upon them, and take up the mantle because they must, and find to their own surprise that they wear it well.
Do not read as children do to enjoy themselves, or, as the ambitious do to educate themselves. No, read to live.
I'm oxygen and he's dying to breathe.
It is easy to love people in memory; the hard thing is to love them when they are there in front of you.
Crying is for plain women. Pretty women go shopping.
I read once that the ancient Egyptians had fifty words for sand & the Eskimos had a hundred words for snow. I wish I had a thousand words for love, but all that comes to mind is the way you move against me while you sleep & there are no words for that.
A party without cake is just a meeting
You're a painter. You're a baker. You like to sleep with the windows open. You never take sugar in your tea. And you always double-knot your shoelaces.
If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut
When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago.
I fell in love with her when we were together, then fell deeper in love with her in the years we were apart.
The glory of friendship is not the outstretched hand, not the kindly smile, nor the joy of companionship; it is the spiritual inspiration that comes to one when you discover that someone else believes in you and is willing to trust you with a friendship.
My rapier wit hides my inner pain.
When we least expect it, life sets us a challenge to test our courage and willingness to change; at such a moment, there is no point in pretending that nothing has happened or in saying that we are not yet ready. The challenge will not wait. Life does not look back. A week is more than enough time for us to decide whether or not to accept our destiny.
This was another of our fears: that Life wouldn't turn out to be like Literature.
The only way that we can live, is if we grow. The only way that we can grow is if we change. The only way that we can change is if we learn. The only way we can learn is if we are exposed. And the only way that we can become exposed is if we throw ourselves out into the open. Do it. Throw yourself.
When I saw you I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved.
I like too many things and get all confused and hung-up running from one falling star to another till i drop. This is the night, what it does to you. I had nothing to offer anybody except my own confusion.
A lot of you cared, just not enough.
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.
Love can change a person the way a parent can change a baby- awkwardly, and often with a great deal of mess.
I get a warm feeling among my books.
I know we're fucked up, alright? I'm impulsive, and hot tempered, and you get under my skin like no one else. You act like you hate me one minute, and then need me the next. I never get anything right, and I don't deserve you...but I fucking love you, Abby. I love you more than I loved anyone or anything ever. When you're around, I don't need booze, or money, or the fighting, or the one-night stands...
Sometimes, I feel the past and the future pressing so hard on either side that there's no room for the present at all.
Go on with what your heart tells you, or you will lose all.
But I don't want comfort. I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness. I want sin.
What she had realized was that love was that moment when your heart was about to burst.
The longer and more carefully we look at a funny story, the sadder it becomes.
The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience.
Don't waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear.
Sorrow is how we learn to love. Your heart isn't breaking. It hurts because it's getting larger. The larger it gets, the more love it holds.
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world: the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
You know how they say you only hurt the ones you love? Well, it works both ways.
Morning is wonderful. Its only drawback is that it comes at such an inconvenient time of day.
The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively
Burdens are for shoulders strong enough to carry them.
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use.
It doesn't matter. I have books, new books, and I can bear anything as long as there are books.
Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too, was a gift.
And I asked myself about the present: how wide it was, how deep it was, how much was mine to keep.
In the beginning there was nothing, which exploded.
You endure what is unbearable, and you bear it. That is all.
Ginny!\" said Mr. Weasley, flabbergasted. \"Haven't I taught you anything? What have I always told you? Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain?
I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early.
I have learned now that while those who speak about one's miseries usually hurt, those who keep silence hurt more.
Isn't it enough to see that a garden is beautiful without having to believe that there are fairies at the bottom of it too?
All parents damage their children. It cannot be helped. Youth, like pristine glass, absorbs the prints of its handlers. Some parents smudge, others crack, a few shatter childhoods completely into jagged little pieces, beyond repair.
I'd rather die my way than live yours.
Open a book this minute and start reading. Don’t move until you’ve reached page fifty. Until you’ve buried your thoughts in print. Cover yourself with words. Wash yourself away. Dissolve.
Forbidden to remember, terrified to forget; it was a hard line to walk.
Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well.
Sometimes things fall apart so that better things can fall together
A library is infinity under a roof.
Don't bend; don't water it down; don't try to make it logical; don't edit your own soul according to the fashion. Rather, follow your most intense obsessions mercilessly.
We need, in love, to practice only this: letting each other go. For holding on comes easily; we do not need to learn it.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
Do not think that love in order to be genuine has to be extraordinary. What we need is to love without getting tired. Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
The best thing for being sad,\" replied Merlin, beginning to puff and blow, \"is to learn something. That's the only thing that never fails. You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love, you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your honour trampled in the sewers of baser minds. There is only one thing for it then — to learn. Learn why the world wags and what wags it. That is the only thing which the mind can never exhaust, never alienate, never be tortured by, never fear or distrust, and never dream of regretting. Learning is the only thing for you. Look what a lot of things there are to learn.
Nothing great in the world was accomplished without passion.
Never make someone a priority when all you are to them is an option.
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
If you have good friends, no matter how much life is sucking , they can make you laugh.
You do have a story inside you; it lies articulate and waiting to be written — behind your silence and your suffering.
Remember, remember, this is now, and now, and now. Live it, feel it, cling to it. I want to become acutely aware of all I’ve taken for granted.
If the real world were a book, it would never find a publisher. Overlong, detailed to the point of distraction-and ultimately, without a major resolution.
Thinking something does not make it true. Wanting something does not make it real.
Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity.
If I’m honest I have to tell you I still read fairy-tales and I like them best of all.
you have to love something before you can hate it.
You can only become truly accomplished at something you love. Don’t make money your goal. Instead pursue the things you love doing and then do them so well that people can’t take their eyes off of you.
I have faith that God will show you the answer. But you have to understand that sometimes it takes a while to be able to recognize what God wants you to do. That's how it often is. God's voice is usually nothing more than a whisper, and you have to listen very carefully to hear it. But other times, in those rarest of moments, the answer is obvious and rings as loud as a church bell.
I love you, not just for now, but for always, and I dream of the day that you’ll take me in your arms again.
When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
Black holes are where God divided by zero.
When I was your age, television was called books.
A bit of trash now and then is good for the severest reader. It provides the necessary roughage in the literary diet.
Where words leave off, music begins.
There is only one good, knowledge, and one evil, ignorance.
If everybody is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
Our memory is a more perfect world than the universe: it gives back life to those who no longer exist.
Better a cruel truth than a comfortable delusion.
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.
What is family? They were the people who claimed you. In good, in bad, in parts or in whole, they were the ones who showed up, who stayed in there, regardless. It wasn't just about blood relations or shared chromosomes, but something wider, bigger. We had many families over time. Our family of origin, the family we created, and the groups you moved through while all of this was happening: friends, lovers, sometimes even strangers. None of them perfect, and we couldn't expect them to be. You can't make any one person your world. The trick was to take what each could give you and build your world from it.
Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.
Believe only half of what you see and nothing that you hear.
أي علم هذا الذي لم يستطع حتى الآن أن يضع أصوات من نحب في أقراص ، أو زجاجة دواء نتناولها سرًّا ، عندما نصاب بوعكة عاطفية بدون أن يدري صاحبها كم نحن نحتاجه
The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks don't.
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
Be with me always - take any form - drive me mad! only do not leave me in this abyss, where I cannot find you! Oh, God! it is unutterable! I can not live without my life! I can not live without my soul!
Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I learn.
I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best.
No one can construct for you the bridge upon which precisely you must cross the stream of life, no one but you yourself alone.
No winter lasts forever; no spring skips its turn.
The trouble is if you don’t spend your life yourself, other people spend it for you.
To choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation.
I kept always two books in my pocket, one to read, one to write in.
The thing that makes you exceptional, if you are at all, is inevitably that which must also make you lonely.
My library is an archive of longings.
I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot!
I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.
When you play a game of thrones you win or you die.
You are not your job, you're not how much money you have in the bank. You are not the car you drive. You're not the contents of your wallet. You are not your fucking khakis. You are all singing, all dancing crap of the world.
The earth has its music for those who will listen
Do I contradict myself? Very well, then, I contradict myself; I am large -- I contain multitudes.
If neurotic is wanting two mutually exclusive things at one and the same time, then I'm neurotic as hell. I'll be flying back and forth between one mutually exclusive thing and another for the rest of my days.
Maybe some people just aren't meant to be in our lives forever. Maybe some people are just passing through. It's like some people just come through our lives to bring us something: a gift, a blessing, a lesson we need to learn. And that's why they're here. You'll have that gift forever.
And all the books you've read have been read by other people. And all the songs you've loved have been heard by other people. And that girl that's pretty to you is pretty to other people. and that if you looked at these facts when you were happy, you would feel great because you are describing 'unity.
Anyone whose goal is 'something higher' must expect someday to suffer vertigo. What is vertigo? Fear of falling? No, Vertigo is something other than fear of falling. It is the voice of the emptiness below us which tempts and lures us, it is the desire to fall, against which, terrified, we defend ourselves.
The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
If you have a sister and she dies, do you stop saying you have one? Or are you always a sister, even when the other half of the equation is gone?
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can never live long enough to make them all yourself.
You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep Spring from coming.
When we don't know who to hate, we hate ourselves.
Some people have a way with words, and other people...oh, uh, not have way.
You can make anything by writing.
Remember me and smile, for it's better to forget than to remember me and cry.
Stuff your eyes with wonder, he said, live as if you'd drop dead in ten seconds. See the world. It's more fantastic than any dream made or paid for in factories.
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door.
Books have to be heavy because the whole world's inside them.
No. I can survive well enough on my own— if given the proper reading material.
When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching -- they are your family.
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is like an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.
Reading is the sole means by which we slip, involuntarily, often helplessly, into another's skin, another's voice, another's soul.
It takes courage to love, but pain through love is the purifying fire which those who love generously know. We all know people who are so much afraid of pain that they shut themselves up like clams in a shell and, giving out nothing, receive nothing and therefore shrink until life is a mere living death.
My life has a superb cast, but I cannot figure out the plot.
I felt like crying but nothing came out. it was just a sort of sad sickness, sick sad, when you can't feel any worse. I think you know it. I think everybody knows it now and then. but I think I have known it pretty often, too often.
Let the rain kiss you. Let the rain beat upon your head with silver liquid drops. Let the rain sing you a lullaby.
It is one of life's bitterest truths that bedtime so often arrives just when things are really getting interesting.
Yes, I was infatuated with you: I am still. No one has ever heightened such a keen capacity of physical sensation in me. I cut you out because I couldn't stand being a passing fancy. Before I give my body, I must give my thoughts, my mind, my dreams. And you weren't having any of those.
Being a writer is a very peculiar sort of a job: it's always you versus a blank sheet of paper (or a blank screen) and quite often the blank piece of paper wins.
I guess that’s just part of loving people: You have to give things up. Sometimes you even have to give them up.
Make your own Bible. Select and collect all the words and sentences that in all your readings have been to you like the blast of a trumpet.
You might want to lie down,\" Magnus advised. \"I find that it helps when the crushing sense of horrible realization sets in.
There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.
I will love you always. When this red hair is white, I will still love you. When the smooth softness of youth is replaced by the delicate softness of age, I will still want to touch your skin. When your face is full of the lines of every smile you have ever smiled, of every surprise I have seen flash through your eyes, when every tear you have ever cried has left its mark upon your face,I will treasure you all the more, because I was there to see it all. I will share your life with you, Meredith, and I will love you until the last breath leaves your body or mine.
Why are you worrying about YOU-KNOW-WHO, when you should be worrying about YOU-NO-POO? The constipation sensation that's gripping the nation!
Too many of us are hung up on what we don't have, can't have, or won't ever have. We spend too much energy being down, when we could use that same energy – if not less of it – doing, or at least trying to do, some of the things we really want to do.
Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me.
The more one judges, the less one loves.
The voice of the sea speaks to the soul.
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or touched, they are felt with the heart.
Respect was invented to cover the empty place where love should be.
If someone were to harm my family or a friend or somebody I love, I would eat them. I might end up in jail for 500 years, but I would eat them.
One person's craziness is another person's reality.
She feels in italics and thinks in CAPITALS.
What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret, so, naturally the whole school knows.
I am only responsible for my own heart, you offered yours up for the smashing my darling. Only a fool would give out such a vital organ
Time is the longest distance between two places.
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.
Lolita, light of my life, fire of my loins. My sin, my soul. Lo-lee-ta: the tip of the tongue taking a trip of three steps down the palate to tap, at three, on the teeth. Lo. Lee. Ta. She was Lo, plain Lo, in the morning, standing four feet ten in one sock. She was Lola in slacks. She was Dolly at school. She was Dolores on the dotted line. But in my arms she was always Lolita. Did she have a precursor? She did, indeed she did. In point of fact, there might have been no Lolita at all had I not loved, one summer, an initial girl-child. In a princedom by the sea. Oh when? About as many years before Lolita was born as my age was that summer. You can always count on a murderer for a fancy prose style. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, exhibit number one is what the seraphs, the misinformed, simple, noble-winged seraphs, envied. Look at this tangle of thorns.
My concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.
It is better, I think, to grab at the stars than to sit flustered because you know you cannot reach them.
Friendship- my definition- is built on two things. Respect and trust. Both elements have to be there. And it has to be mutual. You can have respect for someone, but if you don't have trust, the friendship will crumble.
When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.
The emotion that can break your heart is sometimes the very one that heals it...
Boring damned people. All over the earth. Propagating more boring damned people. What a horror show. The earth swarmed with them.
I was dead until you found me, though I breathed. I was sightless, though I could see. And then you came...and I was awakened.
Strange as it may seem, I still hope for the best, even though the best, like an interesting piece of mail, so rarely arrives, and even when it does it can be lost so easily.
We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all of the power we need inside ourselves already.
There's nowhere you can be that isn't where you're meant to be...
If you hate a person, you hate something in him that is part of yourself. What isn't part of ourselves doesn't disturb us.
The longer I live, the more I observe that carrying around anger is the most debilitating to the person who bears it.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not.
If you're too open-minded; your brains will fall out.
Literature is the most agreeable way of ignoring life.
My course is set for an uncharted sea.
You will lose what you value most, so treasure it while you can.
The mind once enlightened cannot again become dark.
What a blessing it is to love books as I love them;- to be able to converse with the dead, and to live amidst the unreal!
I think that we're all mentally ill. Those of us outside the asylums only hide it a little better - and maybe not all that much better after all.
Evil is always possible. And goodness is eternally difficult.
It gives me strength to have somebody to fight for; I can never fight for myself, but, for others, I can kill.
A woman's heart should be so hidden in God that a man has to seek Him just to find her.
I know how devastated you must be to miss me, but leave a message, and I'll try to ease your agony
Nobody gets everything in this life. You decide your priorities and you make your choices. I'd decided long ago that any cake I had would be eaten.
To put everything in balance is good, to put everything in harmony is better.
If you work really hard, and you're kind, amazing things will happen.
I'm a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down.
please believe that things are good with me, and even when they're not, they will be soon enough. And i will always believe the same about you.
Little by little, one travels far
Great heroes need great sorrows and burdens, or half their greatness goes unnoticed. It is all part of the fairy tale.
If you don't know history, then you don't know anything. You are a leaf that doesn't know it is part of a tree.
When people talk, listen completely. Most people never listen.
When the first baby laughed for the first time, its laugh broke into a thousand pieces, and they all went skipping about, and that was the beginning of fairies.
Sometimes I wonder if there's something wrong with me. Perhaps I've spent too long in the company of my literary romantic heroes, and consequently my ideals and expectations are far too high.
Words dazzle and deceive because they are mimed by the face. But black words on a white page are the soul laid bare.
All a girl really wants is for one guy to prove to her that they are not all the same.
You’re dangerous,
I know it's wrong - God, it's all kinds of wrong - but I just want to lie down with you and wake up with you, just once, just once ever in my life.
I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.
He stepped down, trying not to look long at her, as if she were the sun, yet he saw her, like the sun, even without looking.
I'm happy. Which often looks like crazy.
They say I'm old-fashioned, and live in the past, but sometimes I think progress progresses too fast!
I write to give myself strength. I write to be the characters that I am not. I write to explore all the things I'm afraid of.
There is something delicious about writing the first words of a story. You never quite know where they'll take you.
Remain true to yourself, child. If you know your own heart, you will always have one friend who does not lie.
I think; therefore I am.
You see I usually find myself among strangers because I drift here and there trying to forget the sad things that happened to me.
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.
For to know a man's library is, in some measure, to know his mind.
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.
There is only one sin. and that is theft... when you tell a lie, you steal someones right to the truth.
Knowing too much of your future is never a good thing.
The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
If I am really a part of your dream, you'll come back one day.
Better to die fighting for freedom then be a prisoner all the days of your life.
Only you can control your future.
We sit silently and watch the world around us. This has taken a lifetime to learn. It seems only the old are able to sit next to one another and not say anything and still feel content. The young, brash and impatient, must always break the silence. It is a waste, for silence is pure. Silence is holy. It draws people together because only those who are comfortable with each other can sit without speaking. This is the great paradox.
Sometimes love means letting go when you want to hold on tighter.
If you look the right way, you can see that the whole world is a garden.
Behind every beautiful thing, there's some kind of pain.
I myself have never been able to find out precisely what feminism is: I only know that people call me a feminist whenever I express sentiments that differentiate me from a doormat.
Ah, music,\" he said, wiping his eyes. \"A magic beyond all we do here!
Very few of us are what we seem.
Tears are words that need to be written.
Shut your eyes and see.
Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them.
A word after a word after a word is power.
It's not worth doing something unless someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing it.
I know of a cure for everything: salt water...in one way or the other. Sweat, or tears, or the salt sea.
Adults are always asking little kids what they want to be when they grow up ’cause they’re looking for ideas.
When we're incomplete, we're always searching for somebody to complete us. When, after a few years or a few months of a relationship, we find that we're still unfulfilled, we blame our partners and take up with somebody more promising. This can go on and on--series polygamy--until we admit that while a partner can add sweet dimensions to our lives, we, each of us, are responsible for our own fulfillment. Nobody else can provide it for us, and to believe otherwise is to delude ourselves dangerously and to program for eventual failure every relationship we enter.
Dreams are always crushing when they don't come true. But it's the simple dreams that are often the most painful because they seem so personal, so reasonable, so attainable. You're always close enough to touch, but never quite close enough to hold and it's enough to break your heart.
Talking to a drunk person was like talking to an extremely happy, severely brain-damaged three-year-old.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
You can only be young once. But you can always be immature.
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
Laughter is wine for the soul - laughter soft, or loud and deep, tinged through with seriousness - the hilarious declaration made by man that life is worth living.
Selfishness is not living as one wishes to live, it is asking others to live as one wishes to live.
If I had my life to live over again, I would have made a rule to read some poetry and listen to some music at least once every week.
I don't mind making jokes, but I don't want to look like one.
I've lived through some terrible things in my life, some of which actually happened.
And then something invisible snapped insider her, and that which had come together commenced to fall apart.
You must write every single day of your life... You must lurk in libraries and climb the stacks like ladders to sniff books like perfumes and wear books like hats upon your crazy heads... may you be in love every day for the next 20,000 days. And out of that love, remake a world.
When you read a book, you hold another's mind in your hands.
the free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it - basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them.
There are two means of refuge from the misery of life — music and cats.
You’ll miss the best things if you keep your eyes shut.
Only the dead have seen the end of war.
Be glad. Be good. Be brave.
There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls.
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life, but define yourself.
That's what careless words do. They make people love you a little less.
That which you believe becomes your world.
I am lonely, yet not everybody will do. I don't know why, some people fill the gaps and others emphasize my loneliness. In reality those who satisfy me are those who simply allow me to live with my ''idea of them.
Of all the words of mice and men, the saddest are, \"It might have been.
I’m on a roller coaster that only goes up, my friend.
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
The trouble is not that I am single and likely to stay single, but that I am lonely and likely to stay lonely.
Kindred spirits are not so scarce as I used to think. It's splendid to find out there are so many of them in the world.
If you never did you should. These things are fun and fun is good.
From childhood's hour I have not been. As others were, I have not seen. As others saw, I could not awaken. My heart to joy at the same tone. And all I loved, I loved alone.
You should write because you love the shape of stories and sentences and the creation of different words on a page. Writing comes from reading, and reading is the finest teacher of how to write.
Things need not have happened to be true. Tales and dreams are the shadow-truths that will endure when mere facts are dust and ashes, and forgot.
A person often meets his destiny on the road he took to avoid it.
Break my heart. Break it a thousand times if you like. It was only ever yours to break anyway.
In my next life I want to live my life backwards. You start out dead and get that out of the way. Then you wake up in an old people's home feeling better every day. You get kicked out for being too healthy, go collect your pension, and then when you start work, you get a gold watch and a party on your first day. You work for 40 years until you're young enough to enjoy your retirement. You party, drink alcohol, and are generally promiscuous, then you are ready for high school. You then go to primary school, you become a kid, you play. You have no responsibilities, you become a baby until you are born. And then you spend your last 9 months floating in luxurious spa-like conditions with central heating and room service on tap, larger quarters every day and then Voila! You finish off as an orgasm!
Trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
Literature is a textually transmitted disease, normally contracted in childhood.
I wish I were a girl again, half-savage and hardy, and free.
Even in the Future the Story Begins with Once Upon a Time.
A well-composed book is a magic carpet on which we are wafted to a world that we cannot enter in any other way.
Some walks you have to take alone.
Life is a mirror: if you frown at it, it frowns back; if you smile, it returns the greeting.
I like good strong words that mean something…
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
It's much easier to not know things sometimes. Things change and friends leave. And life doesn't stop for anybody. I wanted to laugh. Or maybe get mad. Or maybe shrug at how strange everybody was, especially me. I think the idea is that every person has to live for his or her own life and than make the choice to share it with other people. You can't just sit their and put everybody's lives ahead of yours and think that counts as love. You just can't. You have to do things. I'm going to do what I want to do. I'm going to be who I really am. And I'm going to figure out what that is. And we could all sit around and wonder and feel bad about each other and blame a lot of people for what they did or didn't do or what they didn't know. I don't know. I guess there could always be someone to blame. It's just different. Maybe it's good to put things in perspective, but sometimes, I think that the only perspective is to really be there. Because it's okay to feel things. I was really there. And that was enough to make me feel infinite. I feel infinite.
If you stay, I'll do whatever you want. I'll quit the band, go with you to New York. But if you need me to go away, I'll do that, too. I was talking to Liz and she said maybe coming back to your old life would be too painful, that maybe it'd be easier for you to erase us. And that would suck, but I'd do it. I can lose you like that if I don't lose you today. I'll let you go. If you stay.
I am beginning to learn that it is the sweet, simple things of life which are the real ones after all.
The brick walls are there for a reason. The brick walls are not there to keep us out. The brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something. Because the brick walls are there to stop the people who don’t want it badly enough. They’re there to stop the other people.
I'm always happy,\" Sasha said. \"Sometimes I just forget.
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
I have nothing to declare except my genius.
Only a generation of readers will spawn a generation of writers.
I hope that one day you will have the experience of doing something you do not understand for someone you love.
There is more than one way to burn a book. And the world is full of people running about with lit matches.
Light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong. No matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it.
I am glad you are here with me. Here at the end of all things, Sam.
Where you used to be, there is a hole in the world, which I find myself constantly walking around in the daytime, and falling in at night. I miss you like hell.
In one aspect, yes, I believe in ghosts, but we create them. We haunt ourselves.
I hope you will have a wonderful year, that you'll dream dangerously and outrageously, that you'll make something that didn't exist before you made it, that you will be loved and that you will be liked, and that you will have people to love and to like in return. And, most importantly (because I think there should be more kindness and more wisdom in the world right now), that you will, when you need to be, be wise, and that you will always be kind.
The snake which cannot cast its skin has to die. As well the minds which are prevented from changing their opinions; they cease to be mind.
The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness.
Sex is part of nature. I go along with nature.
Some things in life are out of your control. You can make it a party or a tragedy.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that receives it.
Hope can be a powerful force. Maybe there's no actual magic in it, but when you know what you hope for most and hold it like a light within you, you can make things happen, almost like magic.
Is there no way out of the mind?
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
When someone is in your heart, they're never truly gone. They can come back to you, even at unlikely times.
Maybe our girlfriends are our soulmates and guys are just people to have fun with.
I am too fond of reading books to care to write them.
You know, Hobbes, some days even my lucky rocket ship underpants don't help.
Come sleep with me: We won't make Love, Love will make us.
Writing is like sex. First you do it for love, then you do it for your friends, and then you do it for money.
There are only the pursued, the pursuing, the busy and the tired.
The best way to cheer yourself is to cheer somebody else up.
We dream to give ourselves hope. To stop dreaming - well, that’s like saying you can never change your fate.
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
Holding Eleanor's hand was like holding a butterfly. Or a heartbeat. Like holding something complete, and completely alive.
I am always saying \"Glad to've met you\" to somebody I'm not at all glad I met. If you want to stay alive, you have to say that stuff, though.
The unfed mind devours itself.
I'm killing time while I wait for life to shower me with meaning and happiness.
Everything must be made as simple as possible. But not simpler.
You are not special. You're not a beautiful and unique snowflake. You're the same decaying organic matter as everything else. We're all part of the same compost heap. We're all singing, all dancing crap of the world.
Courage is found in unlikely places.
History does not always repeat itself. Sometimes it just yells, 'Can't you remember anything I told you?' and lets fly with a club.
To die, it's easy. But you have to struggle for life.
Don't cry over someone who wouldn't cry over you.
I suffer from girlnextdooritis where the guy is friends with you and that's it.
I used to dream about escaping my ordinary life, but my life was never ordinary. I had simply failed to notice how extraordinary it was.
To err is human, to forgive, divine.
I hope you're pleased with yourselves. We could all have been killed - or worse, expelled. Now if you don't mind, I'm going to bed.
The Very first moment I beheld him, my heart was irrevocably gone.
With enough courage, you can do without a reputation.
Every book, every volume you see here, has a soul. The soul of the person who wrote it and of those who read it and lived and dreamed with it. Every time a book changes hands, every time someone runs his eyes down its pages, its spirit grows and strengthens.
Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.
Trust your heart if the seas catch fire, live by love though the stars walk backward.
Why do people say \"grow some balls\"? Balls are weak and sensitive. If you wanna be tough, grow a vagina. Those things can take a pounding.
Happiness is something that comes into our lives through doors we don't even remember leaving open.
Once you have read a book you care about, some part of it is always with you.
The past is never where you think you left it.
You never know what life is like, until you have lived it.
You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated. In fact, it may be necessary to encounter the defeats, so you can know who you are, what you can rise from, how you can still come out of it.
Holding anger is a poison...It eats you from inside...We think that by hating someone we hurt them...But hatred is a curved blade...and the harm we do to others...we also do to ourselves.
But I believe in true love, you know? I don't believe that everybody gets to keep their eyes or not get sick or whatever, but everybody should have true love, and it should last at least as long as your life does.
That which can be asserted without evidence, can be dismissed without evidence.
What's terrible is to pretend that second-rate is first-rate. To pretend that you don't need love when you do; or you like your work when you know quite well you're capable of better.
People have forgotten this truth,\" the fox said. \"But you mustn’t forget it. You become responsible forever for what you’ve tamed. You’re responsible for your rose.
Children learn more from what you are than what you teach.
Absence diminishes small loves and increases great ones, as the wind blows out the candle and fans the bonfire.
I guess that's what saying good-bye is always like--like jumping off an edge. The worst part is making the choice to do it. Once you're in the air, there's nothing you can do but let go.
Imagination is like a muscle. I found out that the more I wrote, the bigger it got.
Nothing on earth can make up for the loss of one who has loved you.
Those who know do not speak. Those who speak do not know.
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.
A mother is the truest friend we have, when trials heavy and sudden fall upon us; when adversity takes the place of prosperity; when friends desert us; when trouble thickens around us, still will she cling to us, and endeavor by her kind precepts and counsels to dissipate the clouds of darkness, and cause peace to return to our hearts.
When will you learn that there isn't a word for everything?
Second star to the right and straight on 'til morning.
If death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character...Would you slow down? Or speed up?
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
Don't give in to your fears. If you do, you won't be able to talk to your heart.
You deal with mythological stuff for a few years, you learn that paradises are usually places where you get killed.
Being with you never felt wrong. It's the one thing I did right. You're the one thing I did right.
I could die for you. But I couldn't, and wouldn't, live for you.
The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge.
Sometimes, when I have to do something I don't want to do, I pretend I'm a character from a book. It's easier to know what they would do.
And now that you don't have to be perfect, you can be good.
Name the greatest of all inventors. Accident.
How nice -- to feel nothing, and still get full credit for being alive.
Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.
I decided it is better to scream. Silence is the real crime against humanity.
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
This is how you do it: you sit down at the keyboard and you put one word after another until its done. It's that easy, and that hard.
The future depends on what you do today.
It's only those who do nothing that make no mistakes, I suppose.
I have for the first time found what I can truly love–I have found you. You are my sympathy–my better self–my good angel–I am bound to you with a strong attachment. I think you good, gifted, lovely: a fervent, a solemn passion is conceived in my heart; it leans to you, draws you to my centre and spring of life, wrap my existence about you–and, kindling in pure, powerful flame, fuses you and me in one.
Holding people away from you, and denying yourself love, that doesn't make you strong. if anything, it makes you weaker. Because you're doing it out of fear.
Oh, we're playing nice now? Shall we have tea first? Brew up a nice pot of kiss-my-ass?
If you liked being a teenager, there's something really wrong with you.
Damn, Claire. Warn a guy before you do a face-plant on the floor next time. I could have looked all heroic and caught you or something -Shane
I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think
The only truth is music.
A man is but the product of his thoughts. What he thinks, he becomes.
I feel free and strong. If I were not a reader of books I could not feel this way.
Books are easily destroyed. But words will live as long as people can remember them.
The best way to cheer yourself is to try to cheer someone else up.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
You're something between a dream and a miracle.
We dream in our waking moments, and walk in our sleep.
There are perhaps many causes worth dying for, but to me, certainly, there are none worth killing for.
All happiness depends on courage and work.
You have everything needed for the extravagant journey that is your life.
My alone feels so good, I'll only have you if you're sweeter than my solitude.
Memories, even your most precious ones, fade surprisingly quickly. But I don’t go along with that. The memories I value most, I don’t ever see them fading.
So many people walk around with a meaningless life. They seem half-asleep, even when they're busy doing things they think are important. This is because they're chasing the wrong things. The way you get meaning into your life is to devote yourself to loving others, devote yourself to your community around you, and devote yourself to creating something that gives you purpose and meaning.
Have you ever lost someone you love and wanted one more conversation, one more chance to make up for the time when you thought they would be here forever? If so, then you know you can go your whole life collecting days, and none will outweigh the one you wish you had back.
Ignore those that make you fearful and sad, that degrade you back towards disease and death.
Life is too short to waste any amount of time on wondering what other people think about you. In the first place, if they had better things going on in their lives, they wouldn't have the time to sit around and talk about you. What's important to me is not others' opinions of me, but what's important to me is my opinion of myself.
Of course motivation is not permanent. But then, neither is bathing; but it is something you should do on a regular basis.
If you let people into your life a little bit, they can be pretty damn amazing.
Even strength must bow to wisdom sometimes.
One must dare to be happy.
She looked at nice young men as if she could smell their stupidity.
District 12: Where you can starve to death in safety.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
What is straight? A line can be straight, or a street, but the human heart, oh, no, it's curved like a road through mountains.
I wonder how many people don't get the one they want, but end up with the one they're supposed to be with.
I live for coincidences. They briefly give to me the illusion or the hope that there's a pattern to my life, and if there's a pattern, then maybe I'm moving toward some kind of destiny where it's all explained.
When you trip over love, it is easy to get up. But when you fall in love, it is impossible to stand again.
This is where it all begins. Everything starts here, today.
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.
Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak.
The past is always tense, the future perfect.
We do not believe in ourselves until someone reveals that deep inside us something is valuable, worth listening to, worthy of our trust, sacred to our touch. Once we believe in ourselves we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight or any experience that reveals the human spirit.
Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart
All good books are alike in that they are truer than if they had really happened and after you are finished reading one you will feel that all that happened to you and afterwards it all belongs to you: the good and the bad, the ecstasy, the remorse and sorrow, the people and the places and how the weather was. If you can get so that you can give that to people, then you are a writer.
I restore myself when I'm alone.
Is it fair to have given us the memory of what was and the desire of what could be when we must suffer what is?
I just want to be wonderful.
Education: the path from cocky ignorance to miserable uncertainty.
I find out a lot about myself by sleeping. Dreams, they are who I am when I’m too tired to be me.
This is a new year. A new beginning. And things will change.
A wonderful fact to reflect upon, that every human creature is constituted to be that profound secret and mystery to every other.
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
Without you in my arms, I feel an emptiness in my soul. I find myself searching the crowds for your face - I know it's an impossibility, but I cannot help myself.
...you know that a good, long session of weeping can often make you feel better, even if your circumstances have not changed one bit.
As a woman I have no country. As a woman I want no country. As a woman, my country is the whole world.
I guess by now I should know enough about loss to realize that you never really stop missing someone-you just learn to live around the huge gaping hole of their absence.
Sometimes, the best way to help someone is just to be near them.
there are two types of people in the world: those who prefer to be sad among others, and those who prefer to be sad alone.
You believe in a book that has talking animals, wizards, witches, demons, sticks turning into snakes, burning bushes, food falling from the sky, people walking on water, and all sorts of magical, absurd and primitive stories, and you say that we are the ones that need help?
Every weirdo in the world is on my wavelength.
Why do beautiful songs make you sad?' 'Because they aren't true.' 'Never?' 'Nothing is beautiful and true.
If you have the words, there's always a chance that you'll find the way.
If Peeta and I were both to die, or they thought we were....My fingers fumble with the pouch on my belt, freeing it. Peeta sees it and his hand clamps on my wrist. \"No, I won't let you.\" \"Trust me,\" I whisper. He holds my gaze for a long moment then lets go. I loosen the top of the pouch and pour a few spoonfuls of berries into his palm. Then I fill my own. \"On the count of three?\" Peeta leans down and kisses me once, very gently. \"The count of three,\" he says. We stand, our backs pressed together, our empty hands locked tight. \"Hold them out. I want everyone to see,\" he says. I spread out my fingers, and the dark berries glisten in the sun. I give Peeta's hand one last squeeze as a signal, as a good-bye, and we begin counting. \"One.\" Maybe I'm wrong. \"Two.\" Maybe they don't care if we both die. \"Three!\" It's too late to change my mind. I lift my hand to my mouth taking one last look at the world. The berries have just passed my lips when the trumpets begin to blare. The frantic voice of Claudius Templesmith shouts above them. \"Stop! Stop! Ladies and gentlemen, I am pleased to present the victors of the 74th Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark! I give you - the tributes of District 12!
Reality doesn't impress me. I only believe in intoxication, in ecstasy, and when ordinary life shackles me, I escape, one way or another. No more walls.
DON'T THINK OF IT AS DYING, said Death. JUST THINK OF IT AS LEAVING EARLY TO AVOID THE RUSH.
Good sex is like good bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
 Loneliness is the human condition. Cultivate it. The way it tunnels into you allows your soul room to grow. Never expect to outgrow loneliness. Never hope to find people who will understand you, someone to fill that space. An intelligent, sensitive person is the exception, the very great exception. If you expect to find people who will understand you, you will grow murderous with disappointment. The best you'll ever do is to understand yourself, know what it is that you want, and not let the cattle stand in your way.
I don't think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains.
We are always the same age inside.
It crosses my mind that Cinna's calm and normal demeanor masks a complete madman.
Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough
We'd get sick on too many cookies, but ever so much sicker on no cookies at all.
It is easy to forget how full the world is of people, full to bursting, and each of them imaginable and consistently misimagined.
ليس هناك كتابا أقرأه و لا أستفيد منه شيئا جديدا ، فحتى الكتاب التافه أستفيد من قراءته ، أني تعلمت شيئا جديدا هو ما هي التفاهة ؟ و كيف يكتب الكتاب التافهون ؟ و فيم يفكرون ؟
Ignorance killed the cat; curiosity was framed!
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place.
Sometimes you lose a battle. But mischief always wins the war
Being a nerd, which is to say going too far and caring too much about a subject, is the best way to make friends I know.
A man's face is his autobiography. A woman's face is her work of fiction.
Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn't matter to me. Going to bed at night saying we've done something wonderful... that's what matters to me.
Lost opportunities, lost possibilities, feelings we can never get back. That's part of what it means to be alive. But inside our heads - at least that's where I imagine it - there's a little room where we store those memories. A room like the stacks in this library. And to understand the workings of our own heart we have to keep on making new reference cards. We have to dust things off every once in awhile, let in fresh air, change the water in the flower vases. In other words, you'll live forever in your own private library.
That's the thing about depression: A human being can survive almost anything, as long as she sees the end in sight. But depression is so insidious, and it compounds daily, that it's impossible to ever see the end.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.
We shouldn't be looking for heroes, we should be looking for good ideas.
May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing view.
To give pleasure to a single heart by a single act is better than a thousand heads bowing in prayer.
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.
The two hardest tests on the spiritual road are the patience to wait for the right moment and the courage not to be disappointed with what we encounter.
Nothing behind me, everything ahead of me, as is ever so on the road.
To survive, you must tell stories.
Hope is a waking dream.
Books serve to show a man that those original thoughts of his aren't very new after all.
Life is a beautiful magnificent thing, even to a jellyfish.
Always be a first rate version of yourself and not a second rate version of someone else.
...you can hate a place with all your heart and soul and still be homesick for it.
I'm afraid that sometimes you'll play lonely games too. Games you can't win 'cause you'll play against you.
There are much worse games to play.
The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe about us, the less taste we shall have for destruction.
The things you used to own, now they own you.
To be fully seen by somebody, then, and be loved anyhow - this is a human offering that can border on miraculous.
Love is like a tree: it grows by itself, roots itself deeply in our being and continues to flourish over a heart in ruin. The inexplicable fact is that the blinder it is, the more tenacious it is. It is never stronger than when it is completely unreasonable.
A love like that was a serious illness, an illness from which you never entirely recover.
At the end of the day, we can endure much more than we think we can.
They're certainly entitled to think that, and they're entitled to full respect for their opinions... but before I can live with other folks I've got to live with myself. The one thing that doesn't abide by majority rule is a person's conscience.
It is very risky. But each time a child opens a book, he pushes open the gate that separates him from Elsewhere.
He died not for men, but for each man. If each man had been the only man made, He would have done no less.
I want everyone to meet you. You're my favorite person of all time.
I know some who are constantly drunk on books as other men are drunk on whiskey.
I am going to take this bucket of water and pour it on the flames of hell, and then I am going to use this torch to burn down the gates of paradise so that people will not love God for want of heaven or fear of hell, but because He is God.
I’ve been fighting to be who I am all my life. What’s the point of being who I am, if I can’t have the person who was worth all the fighting for?
When things break, it's not the actual breaking that prevents them from getting back together again. It's because a little piece gets lost - the two remaining ends couldn't fit together even if they wanted to. The whole shape has changed.
Freedom lies in being bold.
The only lies for which we are truly punished are those we tell ourselves.
We are addicted to our thoughts. We cannot change anything if we cannot change our thinking.
To do the useful thing, to say the courageous thing, to contemplate the beautiful thing: that is enough for one man's life.
I want to be in a relationship where you telling me you love me is just a ceremonious validation of what you already show me.
Women want love to be a novel. Men, a short story.
If there's one thing I've learned, it's this: We all want everything to be okay. We don't even wish so much for fantastic or marvelous or outstanding. We will happily settle for okay, because most of the time, okay is enough.
What is right is not always popular and what is popular is not always right.
Reading is like thinking, like praying, like talking to a friend, like expressing your ideas, like listening to other people's ideas, like listening to music, like looking at the view, like taking a walk on the beach.
If, then, I were asked for the most important advice I could give, that which I considered to be the most useful to the men of our century, I should simply say: in the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.
Your silence will not protect you.
I decided as long as I'm going to hell, I might as well do it thoroughly.
My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty. She's ninety-seven now, and we don't know where the heck she is.
We are all born sexual creatures,thank God, but it's a pity so many people despise and crush this natural gift.
If you want to get laid, go to college. If you want an education, go to the library.
When I'm good, I'm very good, but when I'm bad, I'm better.
make a radical change in your lifestyle and begin to boldly do things which you may previously never have thought of doing, or been too hesitant to attempt. So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservation, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun. If you want to get more out of life, you must lose your inclination for monotonous security and adopt a helter-skelter style of life that will at first appear to you to be crazy. But once you become accustomed to such a life you will see its full meaning and its incredible beauty.
I don’t trust anybody. Not anybody. And the more that I care about someone, the more sure I am they’re going to get tired of me and take off.
Whenever you feel like criticizing any one...just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had.
Learn the rules, break the rules, make up new rules, break the new rules.
Can you understand? Someone, somewhere, can you understand me a little, love me a little? For all my despair, for all my ideals, for all that - I love life. But it is hard, and I have so much - so very much to learn.
A trap is only a trap if you don't know about it. If you know about it, it's a challenge.
Our finger prints don't fade from the lives we touch.
People do not change, they are merely revealed.
I like it when somebody gets excited about something. It's nice.
I don't suffer from my insanity -- I enjoy every minute of it.
The homemaker has the ultimate career. All other careers exist for one purpose only - and that is to support the ultimate career.
Remember this: Nothing is written in the stars. Not these stars, nor any others. No one controls your destiny.
I desire the things that will destroy me in the end.
It's hard to enjoy practical jokes when your whole life feels like one.
It's the job that's never started as takes longest to finish.
Do you think that I count the days? There is only one day left, always starting over: it is given to us at dawn and taken away from us at dusk.
Never leave a friend behind. Friends are all we have to get us through this life--and they are the only things from this world that we could hope to see in the next.
If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people.
Beauty is terror. Whatever we call beautiful, we quiver before it.
All I have seen teaches me to trust the Creator for all I have not seen.
It is good to have an end to journey toward; but it is the journey that matters, in the end.
I think you should be a child for as long as you can. I have been successful for 74 years being able to do that.
Every day is a new day. It is better to be lucky. But I would rather be exact. Then when luck comes you are ready.
But I didn't understand then. That I could hurt somebody so badly she would never recover. That a person can, just by living, damage another human being beyond repair.
The mind I love must have wild places.
In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.
The grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
If you have enough book space, I don't want to talk to you.
In life, finding a voice is speaking and living the truth. Each of you is an original. Each of you has a distinctive voice. When you find it, your story will be told. You will be heard.
Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness: kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile.
Either you deal with what is the reality, or you can be sure that the reality is going to deal with you.
Love the world and yourself in it, move through it as though it offers no resistance, as though the world is your natural element.
Humor is reason gone mad.
The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.
Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education.
The truth will set you free. But not until it is finished with you.
For me, literacy means freedom. For the individual and for society.
I pray because I can't help myself. I pray because I'm helpless. I pray because the need flows out of me all the time- waking and sleeping. It doesn't change God- it changes me.
I'm going to keep going until I succeed — or die. Don't think I don't know how this might end. I've known it for years.
The impossible could not have happened, therefore the impossible must be possible in spite of appearances.
Men go to far greater lengths to avoid what they fear than to obtain what they desire.
Curiouser and curiouser!
People, generally, suck.
مش مهم انك تغير الكون... المهم انك تخلي الكون ما يغيركش
You alone are enough. You have nothing to prove to anybody.
You’ll get over it…” It’s the clichés that cause the trouble. To lose someone you love is to alter your life for ever. You don’t get over it because ‘it” is the person you loved. The pain stops, there are new people, but the gap never closes. How could it? The particularness of someone who mattered enough to grieve over is not made anodyne by death. This hole in my heart is in the shape of you and no-one else can fit it. Why would I want them to?
We can know only that we know nothing. And that is the highest degree of human wisdom.
Do no harm and leave the world a better place than you found it.
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
I do not think, sir, you have any right to command me, merely because you are older than I, or because you have seen more of the world than I have; your claim to superiority depends on the use you have made of your time and experience.
The power of a glance has been so much abused in love stories, that it has come to be disbelieved in. Few people dare now to say that two beings have fallen in love because they have looked at each other. Yet it is in this way that love begins, and in this way only.
Anybody can sympathise with the sufferings of a friend, but it requires a very fine nature to sympathise with a friend's success.
No good deed goes unpunished.
Look at everything always as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time: Thus is your time on earth filled with glory.
Luxury is not a necessity to me, but beautiful and good things are.
Sebastian just smiled. “I could hear your heart beating,” he said softly. “When you were watching me with Valentine. Did it bother you?
I am not proud, but I am happy; and happiness blinds, I think, more than pride.
What draws people to be friends is that they see the same truth. They share it.
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?
I've begun to realize that you can listen to silence and learn from it. It has a quality and a dimension all its own.
This is how it works. I love the people in my life, and I do for my friends whatever they need me to do for them, again and again, as many times as is necessary. For example, in your case you always forgot who you are and how much you're loved. So what I do for you as your friend is remind you who you are and tell you how much I love you. And this isn't any kind of burden for me, because I love who you are very much. Every time I remind you, I get to remember with you, which is my pleasure.
You always have a choice. It's just that some people make the wrong one.
The nitrogen in our DNA, the calcium in our teeth, the iron in our blood, the carbon in our apple pies were made in the interiors of collapsing stars. We are made of starstuff.
If I read a book and it makes my whole body so cold no fire can ever warm me, I know that is poetry.
Now that she had nothing to lose, she was free.
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.
I think and think and think, I‘ve thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it.
The bird, the pin, the song, the berries, the watch, the cracker, the dress that burst into flames. I am the mockingjay. The one that survived despite the Capitol's plans. The symbol of the rebellion.
I must be a mermaid, Rango. I have no fear of depths and a great fear of shallow living.
Books are no more threatened by Kindle than stairs by elevators.
Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard, are sweeter
Learning to ignore things is one of the great paths to inner peace.
In times of grief and sorrow I will hold you and rock you and take your grief and make it my own. When you cry I cry and when you hurt I hurt. And together we will try to hold back the floods to tears and despair and make it through the potholed street of life
I am both happy and sad at the same time, and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.
After a good dinner one can forgive anybody, even one's own relations.
A paranoid is someone who knows a little of what's going on.
Usually we walk around constantly believing ourselves. \"I'm okay\" we say. \"I'm alright\". But sometimes the truth arrives on you and you can't get it off. That's when you realize that sometimes it isn't even an answer--it's a question. Even now, I wonder how much of my life is convinced.
But until a person can say deeply and honestly, \"I am what I am today because of the choices I made yesterday,\" that person cannot say, \"I choose otherwise.
In your light I learn how to love. In your beauty, how to make poems. You dance inside my chest where no-one sees you, but sometimes I do, and that sight becomes this art.
People think it must be fun to be a super genius, but they don't realize how hard it is to put up with all the idiots in the world.
The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which.
What else? She is so beautiful. You don’t get tired of looking at her. You never worry if she is smarter than you: You know she is. She is funny without ever being mean. I love her. I am so lucky to love her, Van Houten. You don’t get to choose if you get hurt in this world, old man, but you do have some say in who hurts you. I like my choices. I hope she likes hers.
When I say it's you I like, I'm talking about that part of you that knows that life is far more than anything you can ever see or hear or touch. That deep part of you that allows you to stand for those things without which humankind cannot survive. Love that conquers hate, peace that rises triumphant over war, and justice that proves more powerful than greed.
The problem with doing nothing is not knowing when you are finished.
We can't be afraid of change. You may feel very secure in the pond that you are in, but if you never venture out of it, you will never know that there is such a thing as an ocean, a sea. Holding onto something that is good for you now, may be the very reason why you don't have something better.
Well-read people are less likely to be evil.
Freeing yourself was one thing, claiming ownership of that freed self was another.
Every life has death and every light has shadow. Be content to stand in the light and let the shadow fall where it will.
A person who has good thoughts cannot ever be ugly. You can have a wonky nose and a crooked mouth and a double chin and stick-out teeth, but if you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely.
Silence is so freaking loud
Happiness always looks small while you hold it in your hands, but let it go, and you learn at once how big and precious it is.
Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not.
While I sleep, I dream of you, and when I wake, I long to hold you in my arms. If anything, our time apart has only made me more certain that I want to spend my nights by your side, and my days with your heart.
I have accepted fear as part of life – specifically the fear of change... I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says: turn back....
There's nothing worse than waiting and not knowing what'll happen to you. Your own imagination can be crueler than any captor.
It's the mortal cup Jace, not the mortal toilet bowl.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you.
Man often becomes what he believes himself to be. If I keep on saying to myself that I cannot do a certain thing, it is possible that I may end by really becoming incapable of doing it. On the contrary, if I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.
I figured something out. The future is unpredictable.
Our lives are not our own. We are bound to others, past and present, and by each crime and every kindness, we birth our future.
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
Whenever you think or you believe or you know, you're a lot of other people: but the moment you feel, you're nobody-but-yourself.
When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. That's my religion.
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.
The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper.
If I am not good to myself, how can I expect anyone else to be good to me?
Ask for what you want and be prepared to get it!
Behind every exquisite thing that existed, there was something tragic.
Another belief of mine: that everyone else my age is an adult, whereas I am merely in disguise.
I must learn to be content with being happier than I deserve.
Ghosts don't haunt us. That's not how it works. They're present among us because we won't let go of them.
And I urge you to please notice when you are happy, and exclaim or murmur or think at some point, 'If this isn't nice, I don't know what is.
One must live as if it would be forever, and as if one might die each moment. Always both at once.
Heaven knows we need never be ashamed of our tears, for they are rain upon the blinding dust of earth, overlying our hard hearts. I was better after I had cried, than before--more sorry, more aware of my own ingratitude, more gentle.
Whenever my environment had failed to support or nourish me, I had clutched at books...
Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.
I don't hate you.. I just don't like that you exist
One day you will ask me which is more important? My life or yours? I will say mine and you will walk away not knowing that you are my life.
Nothing travels faster than the speed of light, with the possible exception of bad news, which obeys its own special laws.
The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword. If you would take a man's life, you owe it to him to look into his eyes and hear his final words. And if you cannot bear to do that, then perhaps the man does not deserve to die.
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.
If no one cares for you at all, do you even really exist?
We are each our own devil, and we make this world our hell.
True love is usually the most inconvenient kind.
It's the questions we can't answer that teach us the most. They teach us how to think. If you give a man an answer, all he gains is a little fact. But give him a question and he'll look for his own answers.
You know it's never fifty-fifty in a marriage. It's always seventy-thirty, or sixty-forty. Someone falls in love first. Someone puts someone else up on a pedestal. Someone works very hard to keep things rolling smoothly; someone else sails along for the ride.
Accio Brain!
Ally.\" Peeta says the words slowly, tasting it. \"Friend. Lover. Victor. Enemy. Fiancee. Target. Mutt. Neighbor. Hunter. Tribute. Ally. I'll add it to the list of words I use to try to figure you out. The problem is, I can't tell what's real anymore, and what's made up.
The most terrible poverty is loneliness, and the feeling of being unloved.
Books: a beautifully browsable invention that needs no electricity and exists in a readable form no matter what happens.
A short story is a different thing altogether – a short story is like a quick kiss in the dark from a stranger.
Atticus said to Jem one day, \"I’d rather you shot at tin cans in the backyard, but I know you’ll go after birds. Shoot all the blue jays you want, if you can hit ‘em, but remember it’s a sin to kill a mockingbird.\" That was the only time I ever heard Atticus say it was a sin to do something, and I asked Miss Maudie about it. \"Your father’s right,\" she said. \"Mockingbirds don’t do one thing except make music for us to enjoy. They don’t eat up people’s gardens, don’t nest in corn cribs, they don’t do one thing but sing their hearts out for us. That’s why it’s a sin to kill a mockingbird.
To love another person is to see the face of God.
Always be a poet, even in prose.
Imagination does not become great until human beings, given the courage and the strength, use it to create.
I don't think there is any truth. There are only points of view.
If you are a student you should always get a good nights sleep unless you have come to the good part of your book, and then you should stay up all night and let your schoolwork fall by the wayside, a phrase which means 'flunk'.
Love: It will kill you and save you, both
We're staying together,\" he promised. \"You're not getting away from me. Never again.
It's so strange how life works: You want something and you wait and wait and feel like it's taking forever to come. Then it happens and it's over and all you want to do is curl back up in that moment before things changed.
Spring is the time of plans and projects.
Katniss, the girl who was on fire!
See, the problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time.
Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.
I suspect the most we can hope for, and it's no small hope, is that we never give up, that we never stop giving ourselves permission to try to love and receive love.
She was a genius of sadness, immersing herself in it, separating its numerous strands, appreciating its subtle nuances. She was a prism through which sadness could be divided into its infinite spectrum.
I am not interested in being original. I am interested in being true.
Because this is what happens when you try to run from the past. It just doesn’t catch up, it overtakes … blotting out the future.
Only people who are capable of loving strongly can also suffer great sorrow, but this same necessity of loving serves to counteract their grief and heals them.
Have you ever asked yourself, do monsters make war, or does war make monsters?
Everyone has secrets. It's just a matter of finding out what they are.
May it be a light to you in dark places, when all other lights go out.
The best way out is always through.
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
If we listened to our intellect we'd never have a love affair. We'd never have a friendship. We'd never go in business because we'd be cynical: \"It's gonna go wrong.\" Or \"She's going to hurt me.\" Or,\"I've had a couple of bad love affairs, so therefore . . .\" Well, that's nonsense. You're going to miss life. You've got to jump off the cliff all the time and build your wings on the way down.
Dress shabbily and they remember the dress; dress impeccably and they remember the woman.
if you love two people at the same time, choose the second. Because if you really loved the first one, you wouldn't have fallen for the second.
. . . when it comes down to it, that’s what life is all about: showing up for the people you love, again and again, until you can’t show up anymore.
There's no need to clarify my finger snap,\" said Magnus. \"The implication was clear in the snap itself.
People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living weren't already complicated enough.
The finest of pleasures are always the unexpected ones.
Man, when you lose your laugh you lose your footing.
She wanted something to happen - something, anything: she did not know what.
You don't love a girl because of beauty. You love her because she sings a song only you can understand.
The worst thing about new books is that they keep us from reading the old ones.
A small but noteworthy note. I've seen so many young men over the years who think they're running at other young men. They are not. They are running at me.
Yes, we praise women over 40 for a multitude of reasons. Unfortunately, it's not reciprocal. For every stunning, smart, well-coiffed, hot woman over 40, there is a bald, paunchy relic in yellow pants making a fool of himself with some 22-year old waitress. Ladies, I apologize. For all those men who say, \"Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free?\", here's an update for you. Nowadays 80% of women are against marriage. Why? Because women realize it's not worth buying an entire pig just to get a little sausage!
Your thorns are the best part of you.
The question is not what you look at, but what you see.
I like people too much or not at all. I've got to go down deep, to fall into people, to really know them.
لا تجزع من جرحك، وإلا فكيف للنور أن يتسلل إلى باطنك؟
Never miss a good chance to shut up.
Please believe that one single positive dream is more important than a thousand negative realities.
If you love something set it free, but don't be surprised if it comes back with herpes.
Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.
He felt that his whole life was some kind of dream and he sometimes wondered whose it was and whether they were enjoying it.
All thinking men are atheists.
Be awesome! Be a book nut!
I was born with an enormous need for affection, and a terrible need to give it.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Be steady and well-ordered in your life so that you can be fierce and original in your work.
Maybe some people are just meant to be in the same story.
Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand
I didn’t go to religion to make me happy. I always knew a bottle of Port would do that. If you want a religion to make you feel really comfortable, I certainly don’t recommend Christianity.
After all, Ginger Rogers did everything that Fred Astaire did. She just did it backwards and in high heels.
My wish is that you may be loved to the point of madness.
Sometimes the Bible in the hand of one man is worse than a whisky bottle in the hand of (another)... There are just some kind of men who - who're so busy worrying about the next world they've never learned to live in this one, and you can look down the street and see the results.
Behind this mask there is more than just flesh. Beneath this mask there is an idea... and ideas are bulletproof.
I believe in God, but not as one thing, not as an old man in the sky. I believe that what people call God is something in all of us. I believe that what Jesus and Mohammed and Buddha and all the rest said was right. It's just that the translations have gone wrong.
You're beautiful and sad,\" I said finally, not looking at him when I did. \"Just like your eyes. You're like a song that I heard when I was a little kid but forgot I knew until I heard it again.\" For a long moment there was only the whirring sound of the tires on the road, and then Sam said softly, \"Thank you.
The easy confidence with which I know another man's religion is folly teaches me to suspect that my own is also.
When I look at my life and its secret colours, I feel like bursting into tears.
But Dumbledore says he doesn't care what they do as long as they don't take him off the Chocolate Frog cards.
That was one of the virtues of being a pessimist: nothing was ever as bad as you thought it would be.
If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there'd be peace.
I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship.
They say time heals all wounds, but that presumes the source of the grief is finite
The starting point of all achievement is DESIRE. Keep this constantly in mind. Weak desire brings weak results, just as a small fire makes a small amount of heat.
The present changes the past. Looking back you do not find what you left behind.
You can't lie to your soul.
That's the thing about girls. Every time they do something pretty, even if they're not much to look at, or even if they're sort of stupid, you fall in love with them, and then you never know where the hell you are. Girls. Jesus Christ. They can drive you crazy. They really can.
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.
If the person you are talking to doesn't appear to be listening, be patient. It may simply be that he has a small piece of fluff in his ear.
The difference between sex and love is that sex relieves tension and love causes it.
Even when you have doubts, take that step. Take chances. Mistakes are never a failure—they can be turned into wisdom.
When we are young, the words are scattered all around us. As they are assembled by experience, so also are we, sentence by sentence, until the story takes shape.
If you want to keep a secret, you must also hide it from yourself.
Music is ... A higher revelation than all Wisdom & Philosophy
Alone. Yes, that's the key word, the most awful word in the English tongue. Murder doesn't hold a candle to it and hell is only a poor synonym.
Feminism is the radical notion that women are human beings.
In the end that was the choice you made, and it doesn't matter how hard it was to make it. It matters that you did.
Maybe this world is another planet’s hell.
I sought to hear the voice of God and climbed the topmost steeple, but God declared: \"Go down again - I dwell among the people.
لا تقدم ابداً شروحاً لأحد.. أصدقاؤك الحقيقيون ليسوا فى حاجة إليها و أعداؤك لن يصدقوها
I walk around the school hallways and look at the people. I look at the teachers and wonder why they're here. If they like their jobs. Or us. And I wonder how smart they were when they were fifteen. Not in a mean way. In a curious way. It's like looking at all the students and wondering who's had their heart broken that day, and how they are able to cope with having three quizzes and a book report due on top of that. Or wondering who did the heart breaking. And wondering why.
One of the deep secrets of life is that all that is really worth the doing is what we do for others.
If I should have a daughter…“Instead of “Mom”, she’s gonna call me “Point B.” Because that way, she knows that no matter what happens, at least she can always find her way to me. And I’m going to paint the solar system on the back of her hands so that she has to learn the entire universe before she can say “Oh, I know that like the back of my hand.
So we shall let the reader answer this question for himself: who is the happier man, he who has braved the storm of life and lived or he who has stayed securely on shore and merely existed?
If my doctor told me I had only six minutes to live, I wouldn't brood. I'd type a little faster.
We all bear scars,... Mine just happen to be more visible than most.
Question everything. Your love, your religion, your passion. If you don't have questions, you'll never find answers.
To me, “FEARLESS” is not the absence of fear. It’s not being completely unafraid. To me, FEARLESS is having fears. FEARLESS is having doubts. Lots of them. To me, FEARLESS is living in spite of those things that scare you to death. FEARLESS is falling madly in love again, even though you’ve been hurt before. FEARLESS is walking into your freshmen year of high school at fifteen. FEARLESS is getting back up and fighting for what you want over and over again… even though every time you’ve tried before, you’ve lost. It’s FEARLESS to have faith that someday things will change. FEARLESS is having the courage to say goodbye to someone who only hurts you, even if you can’t breathe without them. I think it’s FEARLESS to fall for your best friend, even though he’s in love with someone else. And when someone apologizes to you enough times for things they’ll never stop doing, I think it’s FEARLESS to stop believing them. It’s FEARLESS to say “you’re NOT sorry”, and walk away. I think loving someone despite what people think is FEARLESS. I think allowing yourself to cry on the bathroom floor is FEARLESS. Letting go is FEARLESS. Then, moving on and being alright…That’sFEARLESS too. But no matter what love throws at you, you have to believe in it. You have to believe in love stories and prince charmings and happily ever after. That’s why I write these songs. Because I think love is FEARLESS.
I want you always to remember me. Will you remember that I existed, and that I stood next to you here like this?
No one ever told me that grief felt so like fear.
Man only likes to count his troubles; he doesn't calculate his happiness.
Black hair and blue eyes are my favorite combination.
If you ever meet the man who could take advantage of Isabelle, you’ll have to let me know. I’d like to shake his hand. Or run away from him very fast, I’m not sure which.
Here's what's not beautiful about it: from here, you can't see the rust or the cracked paint or whatever, but you can tell what the place really is. You can see how fake it all is. It's not even hard enough to be made out of plastic. It's a paper town. I mean, look at it, Q: look at all those culs-de-sac, those streets that turn in on themselves, all the houses that were built to fall apart. All those paper people living in their paper houses, burning the future to stay warm. All the paper kids drinking beer some bum bought for them at the paper convenience store. Everyone demented with the mania of owning things. All the things paper-thin and paper-frail. And all the people, too. I've lived here for eighteen years and I have never once in my life come across anyone who cares about anything that matters.
You get what anybody gets - you get a lifetime.
I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way.
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness.
When one is in love, one always begins by deceiving one's self, and one always ends by deceiving others. That is what the world calls a romance.
And then I felt sad because I realized that once people are broken in certain ways, they can't ever be fixed, and this is something nobody ever tells you when you are young and it never fails to surprise you as you grow older as you see the people in your life break one by one. You wonder when your turn is going to be, or if it's already happened.
There will be a few times in your life when all your instincts will tell you to do something, something that defies logic, upsets your plans, and may seem crazy to others. When that happens, you do it. Listen to your instincts and ignore everything else. Ignore logic, ignore the odds, ignore the complications, and just go for it.
I hate men who are afraid of women's strength.
What a kid I got, I told him about the birds and the bees and he told me about the butcher and my wife.
Today is the sort of day where the sun only comes up to humiliate you.
Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions.
I always worried someone would notice me, and then when no one did, I felt lonely.
Book collecting is an obsession, an occupation, a disease, an addiction, a fascination, an absurdity, a fate. It is not a hobby. Those who do it must do it. Those who do not do it, think of it as a cousin of stamp collecting, a sister of the trophy cabinet, bastard of a sound bank account and a weak mind.
Only someone who is well prepared has the opportunity to improvise.
Most men would rather deny a hard truth than face it.
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
You think because he doesn't love you that you are worthless. You think that because he doesn't want you anymore that he is right -- that his judgement and opinion of you are correct. If he throws you out, then you are garbage. You think he belongs to you because you want to belong to him. Don't. It's a bad word, 'belong.' Especially when you put it with somebody you love. Love shouldn't be like that. Did you ever see the way the clouds love a mountain? They circle all around it; sometimes you can't even see the mountain for the clouds. But you know what? You go up top and what do you see? His head. The clouds never cover the head. His head pokes through, beacuse the clouds let him; they don't wrap him up. They let him keep his head up high, free, with nothing to hide him or bind him. You can't own a human being. You can't lose what you don't own. Suppose you did own him. Could you really love somebody who was absolutely nobody without you? You really want somebody like that? Somebody who falls apart when you walk out the door? You don't, do you? And neither does he. You're turning over your whole life to him. Your whole life, girl. And if it means so little to you that you can just give it away, hand it to him, then why should it mean any more to him? He can't value you more than you value yourself.
أسوء تعذيب فى العالم هو الشخص المُصر على الكلام بينما أنت مُثقل بالهموم , ترغب فى أن تبقى صامتاً وأن تصغى لأفكارك.
Laugh all you want and cry all you want and whistle at pretty men in the street and to hell with anybody who thinks you're a damned fool!
I just did some calculations and I've been able to determine that you're full of shit.
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
There is no such thing as a \"broken family.\" Family is family, and is not determined by marriage certificates, divorce papers, and adoption documents. Families are made in the heart. The only time family becomes null is when those ties in the heart are cut. If you cut those ties, those people are not your family. If you make those ties, those people are your family. And if you hate those ties, those people will still be your family because whatever you hate will always be with you.
The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men.
You can go through life and make new friends every year - every month practically - but there was never any substitute for those friendships of childhood that survive into adult years. Those are the ones in which we are bound to one another with hoops of steel.
It isn't what we say or think that defines us, but what we do.
I am a part of all that I have met.
That's what fiction is for. It's for getting at the truth when the truth isn't sufficient for the truth.
Grown-ups don't look like grown-ups on the inside either. Outside, they're big and thoughtless and they always know what they're doing. Inside, they look just like they always have. Like they did when they were your age. Truth is, there aren't any grown-ups. Not one, in the whole wide world.
She was ready to deny the existence of space and time rather than admit that love might not be eternal.
The bond forged between us was not one that could be broken by absence, distance, or time. And no matter how much more special or beautiful or brilliant or perfect than me he might be, he was as irreversibly altered as I was. As I would always belong to him, so would he always be mine.
Child, child, do you not see? For each of us comes a time when we must be more than what we are.
The unhappiest people in this world, are those who care the most about what other people think.
Courage isn't having the strength to go on - it is going on when you don't have strength.
I’ve known people that the world has thrown everything at to discourage them...to break their spirit. And yet something about them retains a dignity. They face life and don’t ask quarters.
Charm is the ability to make someone else think that both of you are pretty wonderful.
To hurt is as human as to breathe.
Therefore, dear Sir, love your solitude and try to sing out with the pain it causes you. For those who are near you are far away... and this shows that the space around you is beginning to grow vast.... be happy about your growth, in which of course you can't take anyone with you, and be gentle with those who stay behind; be confident and calm in front of them and don't torment them with your doubts and don't frighten them with your faith or joy, which they wouldn't be able to comprehend. Seek out some simple and true feeling of what you have in common with them, which doesn't necessarily have to alter when you yourself change again and again; when you see them, love life in a form that is not your own and be indulgent toward those who are growing old, who are afraid of the aloneness that you trust.... and don't expect any understanding; but believe in a love that is being stored up for you like an inheritance, and have faith that in this love there is a strength and a blessing so large that you can travel as far as you wish without having to step outside it.
Just tell me how to be different in a way that makes sense.
It is always sad when someone leaves home, unless they are simply going around the corner and will return in a few minutes with ice-cream sandwiches.
I found myself thinking about President William McKinley, the third American president to be assassinated. He lived for several days after he was shot, and towards the end, his wife started crying and screaming, \"I want to go too! I want to go too!\" And with his last measure of strength, McKinley turned to her and spoke his last words: \"We are all going.
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.
Ordinary life is pretty complex stuff.
There is nothing more dreadful than the habit of doubt. Doubt separates people. It is a poison that disintegrates friendships and breaks up pleasant relations. It is a thorn that irritates and hurts; it is a sword that kills.
Every couple needs to argue now and then. Just to prove that the relationship is strong enough to survive. Long-term relationships, the ones that matter, are all about weathering the peaks and the valleys.
Never be afraid to sit awhile and think.
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes.
You forget what you want to remember, and you remember what you want to forget.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
I’m not in this world to live up to your expectations and you’re not in this world to live up to mine.
He allowed himself to be swayed by his conviction that human beings are not born once and for all on the day their mothers give birth to them, but that life obliges them over and over again to give birth to themselves.
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
What I've come to learn is that the world is never saved in grand messianic gestures, but in the simple accumulation of gentle, soft, almost invisible acts of compassion.
Kind people have a way of working their way inside me and rooting there.
We are who we are, be­cause of those we choose to love and be­cause of those who love us.
Your lucky enough to be different, never change
Stay is a charming word in a friend's vocabulary.
Laugh loudly, laugh often, and most important, laugh at yourself.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.
Freedom (n.): To ask nothing. To expect nothing. To depend on nothing.
The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.
I can't eat and I can't sleep. I'm not doing well in terms of being a functional human, you know?
There were things I wanted to tell him. But I knew they would hurt him. So I buried them, and let them hurt me.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity
It is a far, far better thing that I do, than I have ever done; it is a far, far better rest that I go to than I have ever known.
When the enemy has no face, society will invent one.
I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I'll go to it laughing.
From now on, I don't care if my tea leaves spell 'Die, Ron, Die,' I'm chucking them in the bin where they belong.
Adventure is worthwhile in itself.
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.
I'm so glad I live in a world where there are Octobers.
Chaos often breeds life, when order breeds habit.
It is not the length of life, but the depth.
Whatever you do, you need courage. Whatever course you decide upon, there is always someone to tell you that you are wrong. There are always difficulties arising that tempt you to believe your critics are right. To map out a course of action and follow it to an end requires some of the same courage that a soldier needs. Peace has its victories, but it takes brave men and women to win them.
Stories you read when you're the right age never quite leave you. You may forget who wrote them or what the story was called. Sometimes you'll forget precisely what happened, but if a story touches you it will stay with you, haunting the places in your mind that you rarely ever visit.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
We never know the quality of someone else's life, though we seldom resist the temptation to assume and pass judgement.
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
Men marry women with the hope they will never change. Women marry men with the hope they will change. Invariably they are both disappointed.
If you want to be happy, be.
Literature is a luxury; fiction is a necessity.
The sad truth is the truth is sad.
If you were music, I would listen to you ceaselessly, and my low spirits would brighten up.
The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time.
She's strong! And scary...I bet she's single...I'd put money on it..
The earth laughs in flowers.
The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise.
sometimes you don't need a goal in life, you don't need to know the big picture. you just need to know what you're going to do next!
Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.
Children begin by loving their parents; as they grow older they judge them; sometimes they forgive them.
I just want you to know that you’re very special… and the only reason I’m telling you is that I don’t know if anyone else ever has.
Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind.
I won't ever leave you, even though you're always leaving me.
The Bhagavad Gita--that ancient Indian Yogic text--says that it is better to live your own destiny imperfectly than to live an imitation of somebody else's life with perfection.
Life is like a prism. What you see depends on how you turn the glass.
I know all those words, but that sentence makes no sense to me.
Poetry is what gets lost in translation.
Lord, what fools these mortals be!
Ideas are easy. It's the execution of ideas that really separates the sheep from the goats.
I’m glad we had the times together just to laugh and sing a song, seems like we just got started and then before you know it, the times we had together were gone.
Strength is the capacity to break a Hershey bar into four pieces with your bare hands - and then eat just one of the pieces.
Lovers don't finally meet somewhere. They're in each other all along.
Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about.
It takes a lot of time to be a genius. You have to sit around so much, doing nothing, really doing nothing.
Sleep,” he says. “I'll fight the bad dreams off if they come to get you.” “With what?” “My bare hands, obviously.
A concept is a brick. It can be used to build a courthouse of reason. Or it can be thrown through the window.
The pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain children all our lives.
Nobody tells this to people who are beginners, I wish someone told me. All of us who do creative work, we get into it because we have good taste. But there is this gap. For the first couple years you make stuff, it’s just not that good. It’s trying to be good, it has potential, but it’s not. But your taste, the thing that got you into the game, is still killer. And your taste is why your work disappoints you. A lot of people never get past this phase, they quit. Most people I know who do interesting, creative work went through years of this. We know our work doesn’t have this special thing that we want it to have. We all go through this. And if you are just starting out or you are still in this phase, you gotta know its normal and the most important thing you can do is do a lot of work. Put yourself on a deadline so that every week you will finish one story. It is only by going through a volume of work that you will close that gap, and your work will be as good as your ambitions. And I took longer to figure out how to do this than anyone I’ve ever met. It’s gonna take awhile. It’s normal to take awhile. You’ve just gotta fight your way through.
If a man will begin with certainties, he shall end in doubts; but if he will be content to begin with doubts, he shall end in certainties.
Books fall open, you fall in.
That didn’t happen, of course. Things never happened the way I imagined them.
He who knows all the answers has not been asked all the questions.
The past beats inside me like a second heart.
There were always in me, two women at least, one woman desperate and bewildered, who felt she was drowning and another who would leap into a scene, as upon a stage, conceal her true emotions because they were weaknesses, helplessness, despair, and present to the world only a smile, an eagerness, curiosity, enthusiasm, interest.
Sometimes when I'm alone, I take the pearl from where it lives in my pocket and try to remember the boy with the bread, the strong arms that warded off nightmares on the train, the kisses in the arena.
I never tell anyone exactly how clever I am. They would be too scared.
I think it's good for a person to spend time alone. It gives them an opportunity to discover who they are and to figure out why they are always alone.
No matter how plain a woman may be, if truth and honesty are written across her face, she will be beautiful.
The things we love destroy us every time, lad. Remember that.
There's something ugly about the flawless.
How marvelous books are, crossing worlds and centuries, defeating ignorance and, finally, cruel time itself.
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true.
I used to believe in forever, but forever's too good to be true
I'll try anything once, twice if I like it, three times to make sure.
Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't, and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it.
You have to kiss a lot of frogs before you find your prince
We are all different. Don’t judge, understand instead.
I'm not lost for I know where I am. But however, where I am may be lost.
Listen to them, the children of the night. What music they make!
My fault, my failure, is not in the passions I have, but in my lack of control of them.
Our imagination flies -- we are its shadow on the earth.
Love can make even nice people do awful things.
This is me, Ana. All of me...and I'm all yours. What do I have to do to make you realize that? To make you see that I want you any way I can get you. That I love you.
I love you as certain dark things are loved, secretly, between the shadow and the soul.
None of us knows what might happen even the next minute, yet still we go forward. Because we trust. Because we have Faith.
It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one.
It is difficult, when faced with a situation you cannot control, to admit you can do nothing.
Stepping onto a brand-new path is difficult, but not more difficult than remaining in a situation, which is not nurturing to the whole woman.
If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?
We are all born mad. Some remain so.
A question that sometimes drives me hazy: am I or are the others crazy?
Push yourself. Don't Settle. Just live well. Just LIVE.
Threats are the last resort of a man with no vocabulary.
Everything in the world exists in order to end up as a book.
The most beautiful makeup of a woman is passion. But cosmetics are easier to buy.
Time to leave now, get out of this room, go somewhere, anywhere; sharpen this feeling of happiness and freedom, stretch your limbs, fill your eyes, be awake, wider awake, vividly awake in every sense and every pore.
We are not trapped or locked up in these bones. No, no. We are free to change. And love changes us. And if we can love one another, we can break open the sky.
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him.
This is what we call love. When you are loved, you can do anything in creation. When you are loved, there's no need at all to understand what's happening, because everything happens within you.
Romance is the glamour which turns the dust of everyday life into a golden haze.
I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day, and I believe in miracles
Real generosity towards the future lies in giving all to the present.
Silly things do cease to be silly if they are done by sensible people in an impudent way.
The farther you go...the harder it is to return. The world has many edges and it's easy to fall off.
The only calibration that counts is how much heart people invest, how much they ignore their fears of being hurt or caught out or humiliated. And the only thing people regret is that they didn't live boldly enough, that they didn't invest enough heart, didn't love enough. Nothing else really counts at all.
Like all magnificent things, it's very simple.
I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve (or save) the world and a desire to enjoy (or savor) the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.
Hades raised an eyebrow. When he sat forward in his throne, shadowy faces appeared in the folds of his black robes, faces of torment,as if the garment was stitched of trapped souls from the Fields of Punishment, trying to get out. The ADHD part of me wondered, off-task, whether the rest of his clothes were made the same way. What horrible things would you have to do in your life to get woven into Hades' underwear?
Ok. You fuck me, then snub me. You love me, you hate me. You show me a sensitive side, then you turn into a total asshole. Is this a pretty accurate description of our relationship.
In order to be irreplaceacle, one must always be different.
The purpose of a good education is to show you that there are three sides to a two-sided story.
What can you do to promote world peace? Go home and love your family.
I'm about to make a wild, extreme and severe relationship rule: the word busy is a load of crap and is most often used by assholes. The word \"busy\" is the relationship Weapon of Mass Destruction. It seems like a good excuse, but in fact in every silo you uncover, all you're going to find is a man who didn't care enough to call. Remember men are never to busy to get what they want.
It would seem that Our Lord finds our desires not too strong, but too weak. We are half-hearted creatures, fooling about with drink and sex and ambition when infinite joy is offered us, like an ignorant child who wants to go on making mud pies in a slum because he cannot imagine what is meant by the offer of a holiday at the sea. We are far too easily pleased.
Yes, and I’m sure the arena will be full of bags of flour for me to chuck at people.
Sometimes you remind me a lot of James. He called it my 'furry little problem' in company. Many people were under the impression that I owned a badly behaved rabbit.
I am too intelligent, too demanding, and too resourceful for anyone to be able to take charge of me entirely. No one knows me or loves me completely. I have only myself
If you win, you need not have to explain...If you lose, you should not be there to explain!
Happiness quite unshared can scarcely be called happiness; it has no taste.
If you take a book with you on a journey,\" Mo had said when he put the first one in her box, \"an odd thing happens: The book begins collecting your memories. And forever after you have only to open that book to be back where you first read it. It will all come into your mind with the very first words: the sights you saw in that place, what it smelled like, the ice cream you ate while you were reading it... yes, books are like flypaper—memories cling to the printed page better than anything else.
Tomorrow's life is too late. Live today.
Do for yourself, for no one else will.
Dreams are the touchstones of our characters.
A lesson taught with humor is a lesson retained.
Each night, when I go to sleep, I die. And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn.
Winter is the time for comfort, for good food and warmth, for the touch of a friendly hand and for a talk beside the fire: it is the time for home.
About all you can do in life is be who you are. Some people will love you for you. Most will love you for what you can do for them, and some won't like you at all.
He was born with a gift of laughter and a sense that the world was mad.
I have a fetish for damsels in distress.
Read, read, read. That's all I can say.
Don’t put your wand there, boy! ... Better wizards than you have lost buttocks, you know!
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.
Parents are like God because you wanna know they're out there, and you want them to think well of you, but you really only call when you need something.
Wounds turn into scars and scars make you tough.
I am not eccentric. It's just that I am more alive than most people. I am an unpopular electric eel set in a pond of catfish.
Got that gun?” Peter says to Tobias. “No,” says Tobias, “I figured I would shoot the bullets out of my nostrils, so I left it upstairs.
All this time I've hated myself for it. I thought I'd given it up for nothing. But if I hadn't fallen, I wouldn't have met you.
For my part, I prefer my heart to be broken. It is so lovely, dawn-kaleidoscopic within the crack.
Guard well within yourself that treasure, kindness. Know how to give without hesitation, how to lose without regret, how to acquire without meanness.
The truth isn't always beauty, but the hunger for it is.
Ending a novel is almost like putting a child to sleep—it can't be done abruptly.
We are surrounded by story.
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude.
I'm going to smile, and my smile will sink down into your pupils, and heaven knows what it will become.
There was no harm in taking aim, even if the target was a dream.
Just for the record, the weather today is calm and sunny, but the air is full of bullshit.
Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.
